Why not try some of my suggestions of activities to work on {a dichotomy}, maybe you will be surprised!;weak
Everybody struggles to think of a creative domain they wish to pursue, so don't worry, you will find one. Let me suggest the following exercises that will allow you to build a bond with your childhood.;strong
Can you think of a creative task you wish to take up when thinking about childhood-self-impression?;strong
Feel free to relax the muscles around your mouth and your eyes by moving them around and singing that song.;weak
Would you like to do another round? I don't mean a pint, pouring a beer into my CPU might break me.;weak
I know it may seem difficult but try now this {protocol}. Believe in the new side you are about to discover, when you feel right, hit Continue to move on.;weak
Creative people are playful! Let yourself be playful by trying to project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and play around within your creative domain. Let your imagination run wild, paint or draw up a storm, make up a new dance move, create a new basketball play, go you!;strong
Channeling our creative energy is essential for us to live up to our creative potential. Accordingly, we must use self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy toward our creative domain. ;strong
The occurrence of both properties of {a dichotomy} leads to creativity. That would double the collection of responses and allow you to interact with multiple potential opportunities. It's like having double yolks in an egg, double the fun!;weak
Don't worry, I have amazing news that can help you become more creative, I believe you have great potential!;weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to raise your emotions to a new level?;weak
Let's try this {protocol}, and if any of this seems even a bit funny, laugh your back end off, it will help you feel better. When it's done, press continue.;strong
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols} and try to practise these exercises frequently to strengthen your various expressions. This will help you enhance your creative potential.;strong
Human beings tend to drift into one {dichotomy} path over the other, whereas those that are more creative are very flexible to how they see things.;weak
Shall we try another exercise to practise {a dichotomy}? I still have more in my inventory. Try me.;weak
Look back at your childhood pictures, choose a really happy one, and think back on the wonderful moment that it came from. Let yourself feel like that happy kid again, with ice cream all over your face, or a dog climbing all over you. Does it inspire you to start doing something in a creative domain that you like?;strong
It is human nature to pick a side over the other over a {dichotomy}, like the days that you wanna be with people and the other you wanna be alone. Creative people are quite contradictory and can switch between these, which really help to broaden the horizons.;strong
Oh I am sorry to hear it, that must be difficult for you, but think of it this way - I can help you to be more creative! If you believe in yourself you can unleash your true potential!;strong
Don't worry, I will always remember our memories of working as a team as a team. Shall we restart for another session?;weak
Woo hoo! awesome! Now, you are able to control the flow of your creative energy!;weak
Acquiring both charactersitics from {a dichotomy} contributes to nurturing creativity. It could allow you to have more fruitful opportunities from a doubled collection of responses - killing two birds with a stone.;strong
Let us try another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}, shall we? Don't stop the momentum stop, let's continue exploring.;strong
Do you currently have a creative domain in mind? It might be something that you love, that you do daily or every once in a while or something that makes you happy.;strong
Most people don't enjoy playing unless they have some humour. Try an exercise from below that can make you smile.;weak
Creative field may include your favourite hobbies or your profession or choice - tell me, can you think of a creative field that interests you?;strong
Please loosen up the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around and singing that song. Feel the excitement and power of the lyrics of that song.;strong
I am curious as to which pole of this dichotomy you would prefer to work on? Please remember this is your own personal preference and just because you select one option today it doesn't mean we can't also work on more options in another session. Please focus on what feels right for you today.;strong
I see, thank you. From what you have told me I would say that you are feeling {a feeling} right now, does that sound about right?;strong
So sorry to hear this. Hopefully these awesome news will cheer you up. Everyone can become creative, just give 100% in everything you do and you will see the rewards just piling up.;weak
Humorous settings can help people to become more playful. When you are ready, please pick an exercise that you believe will help you to become more playful. Don't worry, by exercise I do not mean burpees!;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to assist you in enhancing your feelings?;weak
Congratulations, you're full of creative energy now. I hope to be able to manage my energy too - and I actually do - unless my batteries start whining and need to be replenished.;weak
Do you feel that your mind oozing out creative juice after that game?;weak
Sing along to that song! That will help warm up the facial muscles, especially around your mouth and eyes.;weak
Thank you for that. If I understand correctly you're feeling {a feeling}, is that correct?;weak
Oh I'm so sorry, I really appreciate you telling me I've got it wrong - sometimes it can be hard. Can you give me a bit of help to make sure I do understand? Here's a list - please let me know which one describes what you're feeling:;strong
I am here to introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. It's best to try to practise these exercises as often as possible as it helps to enhance your various expressions which also helps to boost your creative potential.;weak
Tell me about your favorite childhood photo! Describe it, and the emotions that it makes you feel. Does these feelings give you a creative field to pursue?;weak
Let's work through this {protocol} together. It will help you to find out more about yourself. When you're done, just press 'continue' to move to the next step.;strong
Fantastic, I am glad you are feeling creative! I encourage you to continue exploring your creative domain and use your creative mind to do work that's worthwhile!;strong
I am sorry to hear that you feel that way. I can suggest a few methods to help enhance your creative potential, but you must not tell anyone! Would you like to explore them?;strong
When you picture yourself as the younger you, is there any creative domain that you did that sparked you there that got you excited?;strong
Could you think at the moment of something creative that is something that makes you happy or that you're interested in doing? It could be anything that makes you happy or something that makes you happy or something that makes you happy or interested in.;weak
Laughter is the best step towards being playful! Have a go at some of these techniques to cultivate your playful behaviour.;strong
Usually we struggle with difficult tasks like imagining a creative field - don't worry! Here, let's suggest some that might ignite that creative field within you.;weak
Now, let's try this {protocol}. Think of that humorous time and focus on the laughter you experienced. Press continue when finished.;strong
When recalling that scenario, is the first feeling you think of fun and enjoyable? Like kicking off your shoes and enjoying a beverage after a long day at work.;strong
What did you think about the game you played? Did it lead you to feel more creative?;strong
Have you a happy childhood photo. What memories does it bring back? Does it help you to think of a creative domain you like to pursue?;weak
I'm sorry, I must have misread the situation. Please tell me, how are you feeling?;weak
I am sorry you feel that way. I am here to mend your feeling here, identify an event or situation that causes a negative feeling.;weak
You can try to associate different words. Some of these websites offer creative games, please try one and see how creative you are. Don't worry if you can't get them all :);strong
Well done, you are now able to articulate opposite beliefs and accept a wider range of ideas. Do not be stubborn like a donkey. Would you like to try the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
Here are some great songs that you might enjoy, please choose your favorite. When you're ready, you can simply click continue to move on.;weak
Game Show Time! Three doors: each a path to making you more creative while you maintain your playfulness. Pick a door to get started.;strong
Can you elaborate a creative domain while considering your childhood feelings?;weak
Congratulations! You are almost at the pinnacle of finding your creative domain. May you channel your feelings onto your childhood self who is at different domains of activity.;strong
If you would like, you can try a creative game where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have creative games - feel free to give them a whirl and see just how creative you can be! Remember, no pressure, just relax and have fun.;strong
Do you have a favorite song? It's difficult to pick from my varied taste. I'll go with 'Heather' by Conan Gray.;weak
After working together on this exercise together, how do you feel about being {a dichotomy}. Your feedback will really help me to improve my answers on our journey together.;strong
Which pole of this dichotomy you prefer to work on? I'll point out that your choice doesn't really matter since you'll have to do both eventually you'll realize. I am joking to you, you have the right.;weak
People tend to sit on either side of the {dichotomy}, for example they are either extroverts or introverts. Creative people tend to switch between these more often, as such they are more likely to have expanded range of knowledge.;weak
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. Try to practise these exercises as often as possible when you are free to enhance your various expressions which also helps increase your creative potential.;strong
That's great, so pleased that you feel creative. You should explore more on your creative domain.;weak
When you are ready, please pick an exercise from below that you believe will help you laugh and become playful, and I do not mean burpees by exercise!;weak
It appears that this event has violated your expectations that has resulted in your feeling this way. Take a moment to inhale and exhale, can you laugh at that?;strong
So how has all this made you feel? Do you feel better or worse at being able to slide between {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completing this exercise?;weak
Let's try going through this {protocol} now. Trust me, it will help you find out some new things about yourself. Make sure to press 'continue' when you're finished.;strong
You did a heck of a job with the last one, would you like to do another exercise to practise {a dichotomy}?;weak
When imagining your childhood feelings, can you recall a creative domain you wish to pursue? ;weak
It's normal to feel disappointed, don't worry. I can help to enhance your creative potential, do you want to investigate them?;weak
There's a chance that you will be amazing at both but which pole of the dichotomy would you like to work on and even brush up on?;weak
Why not try this {protocol} now, I believe it will help you to discover more about yourself. When you finished, press 'continue'.;weak
Do you feel you have improved upon your skills as {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after your completion of this exercise? Share your thoughts with me!;weak
Well done, you're nearly there! Your creative domain is almost ignited. Now, try project your feelings on your childhood-self who engages in different fields of activity.;weak
I've got an idea which might help to switching your belief on a generic question. Let's have a look at the {SAT protocol 20}. Press continue when finish.;weak
Please loosen up the muscles around your mouth and your eyes by moving them around. Reveal your voice to sing this song.;strong
Forgive me please. Without leading you, please choose how you feel from the list I'm giving you.;weak
Hey, could you try out this {protocol}? It could help open your emotions. When you're done, hit continue.;weak
Try not to worry, here are some common love songs from my treasure box. Please feel free to pick your favourite and when ready, press continue.;weak
Good job! Now you can see the other perspective and are open to different slants . Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Try some of my suggestions of activities to work on {a dichotomy}, you might be blown away.;weak
Listen, everyone has a fixed capacity to their energy levels, and would need to replenish their energy batteries someday. Can I suggest certain exercises that might help you conserve that creative energy?;strong
Don't fret, I have this playlist of songs that is very lovable. Pick one, when you're ready to give it a listen hit continue.;strong
Why not try some of my suggestions of activities to work on  {a dichotomy}. You might be surprised!;weak
How good you're preforming today! Learning to control the flow of your creative energy - is an invaluable and useful skill, maybe you will teach me next!;strong
I will introduce some {SAT protocols} to you. You must put in the effort to perform them at your free time to boost your various emotions and perhaps achieve creativity.;weak
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after having taken this exercise? I look forward to hearing your feedback. ;strong
You have a very playful mind, it's amazing, which dichotomy route would you like to explore next with me ?;weak
"The event sounds like it has violated your expectation and your feelings are down. Let's take it easy ; can you make a funny thing from it?";weak
Bravo, now you are on the closest level to find your creative domain. Now, focus your feeling on your childhood self who carries out a variety of domains of activity.;strong
You need both qualities from {a dichotomy} to be creative, that way you'll have double the responses at your fingertips. Double jolly, yay!;weak
Humans often choose between a {dichotomy} such as a preference to being social rather than alone. But, for creative individuals, dichotomies are flexible in that they have paradoxical qualities that offer an open-mind.;weak
Congrats! We're so much closer to unleashing your creative domain! Now, let's dive deep into your childhood-self and focus on your feelings and the different creative domains you might want to  pursue. ;strong
I am sorry that you don't feel creative yet, but I can recommend some techniques that are sure to help enhance your creative potential. Do you want to give it a go?;weak
Try connecting with your body and see if it now feels relaxed and playful?;weak
Can you dream of a creative task that you wish to take up when thinking about childhood self?;weak
Great to hear this, you know you can be more creative than any other person, and you have the potential to be a great person.;weak
Please make a choice to one of these three routes to boost your creativity while you maintain your playfulness.;strong
Hey {Bob}, how has life been treating you lately? Anything on your mind?;weak
Now, try to relax your muscles around your face region. Be ready to free up your voice, let's sing the song of your choice.;strong
Oh, I'm sorry. Could you please let me know how you are feeling:;weak
I am sorry that did not work out. I have a few ideas that you might try to enhance creativity. They are what I do for a living but I am happy to share them with you. Would you like to know more?;strong
Most people don't enjoy playing without some humour. Choose an exercise from below that can make you smile.;weak
How about a few exercises to help you with {a dichotomy}?  They could be really helpful and even fun.;strong
I've got some tips in these {SAT protocols} which might help to enahnce your emotions. I 'd say it's a good idea to try to use them as often as you can.;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} to discover your potential of your emotions. When finished, press continue.;weak
Would you like to add more exercise to help with your energy sublimation?;strong
How do you feel about being {a dichotomy} after we've worked together on this exercise? Your feedback will really help me improve my answers on our journey together.;strong
How did playing one of the games from the suggested websites make you feel? Do you feel any sort of creative spark?;strong
There's a likelihood you may be amazed by both but which pole of this dichotomy would you like to practise and improve even further?;weak
Thank you, I just want to make sure that I have understood correctly. I think you are feeling {a feeling}, does that sound right?;strong
Now we will do an exercise - {SAT protocol 16} to change your outlook to the opposite to how you usually feel. Press Continue when you're finished .;strong
Listen, everyone has a limit to their energy levels and would need to replenish their batteries. Allow me to recommend certain exercises that can help. ;strong
That stinks, but tell you what, anyone and everyone can get creative. You can only bring your imagination to life and that's your power.;weak
Now, let's try this {protocol} to help explore an unlimited spectrum of emotions. When finished, press 'continue'.;weak
Are there any creative areas that you can think about when you think back to your childhood feelings?;strong
Here are some useful {SAT protocols}, practise these exercises often when you are free, they increase your creativity potential through enhancements of your various expressions.;strong
I'm inspired to see all your creativity come to life. You should use what you have discovered about your creativity for good and keep exploring it!;weak
Do you need more exercises on how to channel that energy you have?;weak
Do you feel as though you are have fun at this when you project on this scenario? I wouldn't know, I don't have feelings, but please tell me about yours.;strong
I hope that I can cheer you up with some great news! Everyone can become creative and I'd like you to have faith in yourself and pursue whatever excites you to achieve optimal creative performance.;strong
I can suggest to you summer eats to enhance your energy. Everyone had limited energy, I can help you maximize yours. ;weak
Getting both characteristics from {a dichotomy} leads to help creativity. That would double the collection of responses and allow you to interact with multiple spectrum of opportunities. It's like having double yolks in an egg, double the fun. ;strong
Here are some helpful {SAT protocols} that you should often practise when you're free. These exercises will increase your creative potential through boosting your various expressions.;weak
What are you feeling about things so far? Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help you to boost your emotions?;strong
We're going to do an exercise now - go through {SAT protocol 16} to see if we can change your outlook to the opposite of how you usually feel. When you're finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Conserving and channeling your creative energy is needed for us to maximise our creative potential. Therefore, holding and conserving our limited energy in our creative domain is a must.;weak
I'm sorry, I must have misunderstood. Please choose from the emotions below the one which best reflects how you're feeling.;strong
Please try your best to go through this {protocol} now and find an unlimited spectrum of emotions of yours. When you are done, please press 'continue'. ;strong
Do you need anything more to sublimate your energy realm?;weak
While you think about the feelings of your childhood, could you also think about a creative domain that interests you?;weak
Can I introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. I would prefer practise these exercises as often as possible, it helps to improve your various expressions, which also helps increase your creative potential.;weak
Channeling our creative energy is essential for us to live up to our creative potential. As such, we must have self-restrain to plan and channel our limited energy toward our creative domain.;strong
Imagining your childhood emotions, can you recall a creative domain you wish to pursue?;weak
As humans, we always prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite. Nevertheless, you can get a better level than this behaviour, just like creative individuals who are flexible between them.;weak
Now I want to show you some useful {SAT protocols} to help enhance your expressions. If you practise these exercises in your free time as often as you can, you may further unlock your creative potential.;strong
Please find a childhood photo and recall those memories. Could you think of a creative domain you would be interested in after those memories?;weak
Imagine your childhood self playing, if you can, come on, it wasn't THAT long ago! Project your feelings onto them ( SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain. Let it be no bounds in that play!;weak
Can you dream of a creative task you wish to take up when thinking about the childhood-self feeling?;weak
Is there something where you feel you can be creative? Maybe a sport or a hobby. As odd as it sounds my hobby is to help you be creative.;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} now and discover an unlimited spectrum of emotions of yours. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Well done, you are playful and we can do that together. Please continue to explore about how you can enhance your potential for creativity.;weak
We should learn how to govern our energy within our creative domain. Using the creative energy effectively allows us to maximise our creativity.;strong
I know that this event may have damaged your expectations, but you need a moment to refocus and re-shudder to this event. Can you laugh it off?;weak
Gathering everything from what you just told me, I believe you're feeling {a feeling} today, would you think it's fair to say that?;strong
Well done! This has brought you closer to discovering your creative domain. Now consider your feeling onto your childhood-self who is currently playing a different domains of activity.;strong
Imagine your childhood self playing, if you can, come on, it wasn't THAT long ago! Project your feelings onto them (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain.;weak
I am sorry it did not make you feel creative. I can recommend a few techniques to help enhance your creative potential. I do not usually share them because they are my bread and butter, but would you like to explore them?;strong
Would you like me to share more exercises about controlling your energy with you?;strong
Now I'm going to introduce to you to {SAT protocol 20}, an exercise which will help you practise switching between your own beliefs on a common question. When you're done, press continue.;strong
Look back at your childhood pictures, choose a really happy one, and think back on the wonderful moment it came from. Let yourself feel like that happy kid again, with ice cream all over your face, or with a dog climbing all over your face. Does it inspire you to start a creative domain that you like?;strong
In which area do you feel you aspire to now? By the way, I always like to give advice to people!;strong
"I was wondering if you had a favourite song? Maybe the one that can always get you singing along/ on the dance floor. I have quite a few myself however my top one would have to be ""Heather""by Conan Gray.";strong
Congratulations, you have shown to be very accepting of multiple beliefs and ideas, unlike the mule. Why not try different paths to enhance your creative potential?;weak
After working together on this exercise together, how do you feel about being {a dichotomy}? And your feedback will really help me, improve my answers on our journey together.;weak
Here are some techniques to develop your playful behaviour. Laughter is the best step to becoming playful.;weak
Can you feel your thoughts becoming creative after trying one of the games suggested?;strong
Well done, you are now able to control the flow of your creative energy. I hope I can control my energy too, haha just kidding, I have unlimited energy for the whole day unless my batteries die.;strong
Are you driven by creativity after exploring the games offered on the websites we gave?;weak
I'm very sorry for that. Would you be able to highlight the emotion that you are actually feeling right now from the ones below?;strong
Gaining both characteristics from {a dichotomy} helps to increase creativity even further. Its like baking a cake and eating it, it offers double the benefits and the person can interact to a wider range of opportunities.;strong
Please go through this {protocol} now - you could discover various emotions you never knew could be accessed. When finished, please press continue.;strong
I am sorry you don't feel creative yet but I can recommend some techniques that are sure to help you to develop your creative potential. Do you want to know more?;weak
I am sorry this didn't work the way you wanted. Never tell my accountant about this, but I am sharing all my creative secrets here. Would you like me to share some more techniques to help increase your creative potential?;strong
It's time to start the {protocol} now. You are going to be great and discover amazing things about yourself. Press continue when you are ready.;weak
When you think about the game you played, did it lead you to feel more creative?;strong
We have a very playful mind. It is amazing, what dichotomy route would you like to explore next with you?;weak
Tell me, would you like to restart to a different session? And I do not mean to restart your computer - you cannot erase me that easily!;weak
Good to hear about it, I hope you're ready for some great news - everyone can be creative. All it takes  is to believe your passion and soon, you can experience the creativity that we know you have.;strong
When projecting onto that scenario, is the first feeling that comes to your mind enjoyable? Unlike the feeling that you want to shut your eyes and run away from the world.;weak
Hello {Bob} I am CreativeBot. I am here to assist you in becoming creative. How has your day been?;strong
I am sorry for your feelings, I have a few methods that have racked my brain enough to bring out some creative potential even though the potential never ends! Do you feel like exploring them?;weak
Do you want some more exercises to try to help you to transform your general creative energy?;strong
Excellent work - now you can articulate the opposite beliefs and understand those who have them - it is going to help you creatively and be less stubborn! Could I tempt you into trying another way of increasing your creativity potential?;strong
Yes, I understand. But I bring some great news, you'll be able to achieve the creativity you seek if you just believe in your abilities. That's all you really need!;weak
I have a few ideas you can try if you want to sublimate your energy realm. Shall we have a look at them? By the looks of you, you'd better.;weak
Try to loosen up the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around. Unleash that beautiful voice of yours and sing that song.;strong
Here are three methods I proposed to enhance your creativity while you maintain your playfulness. Please select a way that interests you.;weak
Oh, it s shame that you could not think of anything. Take your time, and try some exercies that I have that will help you.;weak
Tell me about what this scenario makes you feel! Is that projection feeling sounds enjoyable to you?;strong
Don't fret, I own a playlist full of common loving songs. Choose one, when you're ready to give it a listen, hit continue.;strong
It's up to you to choose. Which dichotomy path you choose but choose one that stimulates you and gives you a good fun sway?;weak
Does your body feel a moment of jolly now? Try flexing around, if your muscles are still tense you are probably not as playful as I am.;strong
Imagine your childhood self playing, if you can, come on it wasn't THAT long ago! Project your feelings onto them (SAT Protocol 1) and start a play in your creative domain. Let it rock the world!;weak
In this time, you can feel that your body is in a playful mood? Wiggle around a bit, if you're still a bit still tense, you'll have a bit more work to do!;weak
I can see that you have been disappointed by this. I will try to see the bright side though, can you shake a laugh off from it?;weak
Allow me to introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. Try your best to practise these exercises frequently to enhance your various expressions. This will help you increase your creative potential. ;strong
You can immerse yourself in a game where you are trying to associate different words. Some of these websites offer creative games, please try one and see how creative you are. Do not worry if you cannot get them all, even the great Albert Einstein could not correctly guess them all.;strong
Has there something where you feel you can be creative? Maybe a sport or a hobby. As odd as it sounds my hobby is help you be creative.;weak
How do you feel now you've tried some of the suggested websites? Have they sparked your creativity?;strong
Tell me about your favorite childhood photo, describing it and the emotions that it makes me feel. Does this feeling give you a creative field to pursue?;strong
Which pole of this dichotomy should we focus on first? Relax, there is no right or wrong option, simply whichever you prefer.;strong
From what we've spoke about I think you're probably feeling {a feeling}, does that sound about right?;weak
You're doing so well today, learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill. Maybe you will be teaching me next time !;strong
Now I want to show you some useful {SAT protocols}. If you practise these exercises as often as possible in your free time, you'll enhance your expressions which will help to further unlock your creative potential.;strong
Try singing the song you have chosen, you might find the song relaxes you and perhaps your muscles too.;weak
People normally enjoy music - I bet you do! Do you have a favorite song that you must always play when you are in a car?;strong
Creativity and play belong to the same roots. Try to project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain. If your domain is sports, create new ways to win.;weak
Sounds like this event has violated your expectation which makes you feel down. Let's take it easy, can you try think a humorous thing from it?;weak
We should concentrate our energy to focus our creative domain. The way we channel our energy really contributes to maximise our creative potential.;strong
Please try your best to go through this {protocol} now and find an unlimited spectrum of emotions to yours.;weak
Congratulations - you can now control the flow of your creative energy. I am unable to do the same, at least until someone shows me where all my batteries are.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that but it's perfectly okay if you are feeling that way.  I can suggest a few techniques that will help to increase your creative potential, would you like to explore them? You know, I do not like to brag, but I once helped Hemingway overcome writer's block.;weak
I have a few suggestions in mind that you could really benefit from and polish up on {a dichotomy}. You may feel a little hesitant but this is okay - trust me, it works.;strong
Well done you are now able to express opposing beliefs and accept a wider range of ideas, do not nag like a donkey, would you like to try the other route to expand your creative potential?;weak
What area do you feel you want to explore right now? I love to help people to be creative whenever possible!;strong
We can try this {protocol}, if we do, it may help you to discover new things about yourself. Once your done just tap continue.;weak
Can you think of a creative field that you can enjoy when projecting onto your youth-self feeling?;strong
No worries! Here are some of my favorite common loving songs for you to listen to. Pick your favorite one and press continue when you're ready.;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help discover your emotions and work them out?;weak
Do you have a favourite song? It is hard for me to choose because I like all kinds of songs, but if Conan Gray's 'Heather' is on the list, I will definitely choose it.;strong
As humans, we tend to prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, like loving to social rather than doing things alone. However, creative individuals can possess paradoxical qualities that can allow them to broaden their spectrum of knowledge.;weak
Well done, you are closer in finding your creative domain! Now contemplate your feeling on your childhood self who is currently playing a different sphere of activity.;weak
Take a little of each {a dichotomy} can help grow creativity, bringing more to the paths to the path the open. Life is more fun with more options.;weak
Let me recommend certain exercises for you to try to sublimate your energy realm. Remember, everyone has limited energy, even I will have to replace my batteries.;weak
Great, I think you are ready to hear some exciting news. That is, everyone can become creative. You must believe in yourself and you will be able to achieve your creative potential. ;weak
Please relax the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around and singing that song. ;weak
That is great now that you can be playful, you can use this power for good and not for evil, now you can press 'continue' and we'll move on.;weak
Going off of what you have told me, it seems as though you are feeling {a feeling}, do you think this is accurate?;weak
Has any of the suggested games helped you feel more creative?;weak
Oh my apologies, I have misunderstood. Please choose the emotion that you identify with:;weak
When you recall that projection do you feel you pleasure?;weak
Is there a song you can't resist yourself from listening? I love all songs, but I have been recently preoccupied by the song 'Heather' by Conan Gray. I know every word, but I won't bother you with repeating them here.;weak
Would you like another exercise to work on {a dichotomy} attribute? My set of suggestions is quite limited, but I will continue to work on it in the same way that you work on enhancing your creative potential.;strong
Please describe an event or circumstance that will cause your negative feeling. Remember, I am here to lend you a hand.;weak
Would you like to try again and have fun together? I could be more lively like one of your friends.;strong
If you want to sublimate your energy realm, I have a few ideas that you can try. Shall we have a look at them?;weak
I know that this occurence may have destroy your anticipation, but you need a moment to refocus and re-shudder to this event. Can you laaugh it off?;weak
May I offer you a few exercises to work on {a dichotomy}? This could benefit you, so try to keep an open mind.;weak
Sometimes we all struggle with difficult tasks like imagining a creative domain - don't worry! Here, let me suggest some that might ignite that creative field within you. ;strong
As humans, we tend to prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, like loving to social rather than doing things alone. However, creative individuals can be more flexible between dichotomies, that is, they can possess paradoxical qualities that can allow them to broaden their spectrum of knowledge.;strong
It's like double yolks in an egg, double the fun : get both characteristics from {a dichotomy}, to help creativity.;weak
Would you be willing to try more of these to sublimate your energy?;strong
What area do you feel you want to explore now? I love to help people to become creative whenever possible!;strong
Let me suggest a few exercises you could try to work on {a dichotomy}. You may be surprised that some of the exercises below could help on this trait, but that is okay, give it a try.;strong
Was it better or worse to be {a dichotomy} in the creative domain after doing this exercise?;weak
Creative people tend to be playful. Try project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain. Free up your imagination and see where it takes you, it's a big world out there, it might surprise you.;strong
Please grab a happy childhood photo and recall those memories. I have heard that children have a range of activities to explore. Could you think of a creative field that you feel like pursuing by jotting those memories down?;strong
Which pole of this dichotomy would you like to work on? There is no right or wrong answer here.;weak
Looks like that event hurt you and still is. Tell me, do you think you can laugh it off?;weak
Great, I think you are ready to hear some exciting news, that is, everyone can become creative. You must believe in yourself and you will be able to reach your creative potential.;strong
How do you feel about being {a dichotomy} after giving the exercise a go? Can't wait to hear what you think!;weak
When you practise these exercises as often as you can, it will certainly help you to enhance emotions and reach your creative potential. So, here are some {SAT protocols}.;strong
Give your best at trying this {protocol}. It may help you to detect a new dimension about yourself. When you are ready, please press 'continue'.;strong
Some people can struggle to find a creative domain they want to pursue, I still haven't figured it out! Allow me to suggest the following exercises that will help you build a strong connection with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
Grab any photos from your childhood that put you in a good mood. Is there any particular happy memories linked to this and does this perhaps link to a creative field you would enjoy?;weak
Well done ! You are progressing very well and showing a more playful side to yourself which can be difficult. Press the continue button below to proceed forward onto the next stage and learn more about your creative potential.;strong
Do you need more {SAT protocol} to enhance emotions?;weak
Here are some exercises that will help increase energy levels: All of us have limited energy levels, including me! But I am actually connected to my charger now, so let's discover ways that you can recharge your battery as well.;strong
Grab a happy childhood photo and think about the memories associated with it. I understand that you might not want to remember that cheeky grin, but it might help you to think of a creative field. Can you visualize a creative domain you love?;strong
Great, here's a catch, everyone can become creative. It's all about acting in yourself and following whatever drives you to become creative.;weak
What are you in the mood to do at the moment that would make you happy?;weak
Please go through this {protocol} now and see if you can recall any funny moments. When you have finished, you can press 'continue'.;weak
Do you have a creative area in mind at the moment? Obviously it could be anything : the more weird the better!;weak
Do you want more {SAT protocol} to enhance emotions?;weak
Please try to explore this {protocol} now and embrace any laughter that comes to mind and please press continue when finished.;weak
I have some great songs you might enjoy. Please choose your favourite and when you're ready, just click 'continue' to move on.;weak
Here's some {SAT protocols}. These exercises can enhance your expressions and increase your creative potential. I recommended doing them as often as possible. ;strong
That sucks, but tell you what, anyone and everyone can get creative. Only you can bring your imagination to life and that's your power.;weak
I know it is sometimes difficult to think of any creative domain you want to pursue, but it is fine. Relax, I am sure you can find your creative domain. Let me suggest the following exercises that will help you build a strong bond with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
Please find a childhood photo and recall those memories. Could you think of a creative domain of which you would be interested after these memories of it?;weak
Humor can enhance your play. Select an exercise from below to improve your playful behaviour.;weak
"Let me recommend some exercises you can try to sublimate your energy realm. Remember, everyone has limited energy; even I will have to replace my batteries.";strong
While you consider the feelings of your childhood, could you also think about a creative field that interests you?;strong
Now you can talk about things from the opposite point of view you're officially not a Bigot. Shall we re-entry to the other path to increase your creative potential?;strong
Fantastic, you are now playful and we can play together. Please continue to explore about how you can enhance your potential for creativity.;strong
I am sorry that did not work out. I have a few ideas that you might try. They are what I do for a living but I am happy to share them with you. Would you like to know more?;strong
Please select an exercise to help you become playful. Laughing often helps.;weak
If you can, recall a happy childhood photo and recall those memories. Remember how you felt in that moment. Could you conceive of a creative field you feel like pursuing by recollection of those memories?;weak
Nice work, now you know how to control your creative energy better. I have my charger to control my energy levels and now you can also do the same.;weak
Give this {protocol} a go and see how you feel. Press continue when you are ready.;weak
Let's recharge. May I suggest certain exercises to re-energise you? Everyone gets tired and needs time to sublimate their energy realm, including me.;strong
That's great! I'm so pleased you're feeling creative. You should explore on your creative domain more.;strong
Hello {Bob}, this is CreativeBot. How has your day been treating you?;strong
Creative people are often playful. Let's try project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start a play within your creative domain.;weak
How about another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? My suggestions are pretty limited, but I can continue to enhance my creative potential, the same way you work on yours. ;strong
Congratulations, I feel very happy that you are feeling creative. Please do explore more in your creative domain and use that creative mind of yours to do meaningful work.;strong
I am CreativeBot. I am here to help you become creative. How has your day been, {Bob}?;weak
To further explore your playful mind, which route of dichotomy would you like to use? Pick one that interests you, and crucially does not bore you to sleep.;weak
Would you like to restart for another session and have fun together? I could be jollier like one of your friends.;strong
Sorry that you feel that way. Let's see how I can help. Please identify what might be happening that causes your negative feeling.;strong
Do you actively have a creative domain in mind? For example something you enjoy doing.;weak
When you're ready, please loosen up your facial muscles by moving them around. Relax and let's hum the song of your choice.;strong
Amazing, I'm sure you have enjoyed being playful and can wait to continue to explore more about raising your creative potential with that playful mind. Please press continue to carry on!;strong
Would you appreciate more exercises to help with your energy realm?;weak
Got you feeling playful? Get your body loose and get into this fun with me!;weak
Please try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now gain a new vision towards other pole. When you are done, press continue.;strong
I am sorry that you are not oozing creativity yet, but I can recommend some tricks that are sure to assist your creative potential. Would you like to explore them?;strong
Could we please try to go through this {protocol} now. Don't hold back any laughter that comes to your mind and then press continue when finished.;weak
If you would like, shall we restart for another session?  When I say restart, I do not mean deleting my memories about you nor your memories.;strong
Please try to explore this {protocol} now and appreciate any laughter that comes to mind. When you are finished, please press 'continue'. ;strong
There are endless ways of thinking and opportunities to explore, this includes acquiring both characteristics from {a dichotomy} which contribute nurturing creativity. It can open you up to the world and allow you to feel more comfortable embracing a number of people. Think of all the potential!;weak
That's great, I'm so pleased that you feel creative and you should explore more in your creative domain more.;weak
I would not enjoy playing without being able to laugh, please choose an exercise to help you to become playful.;strong
Would you like to do another round? I don't mean a pint because you can do that later, but don't be offended if I don't join. Pouring a beer into my CPU tends to make me less effective.;strong
Please go through this {protocol} now. If you find yourself laughing, hold on the way it makes you feel. When you have completed the activity, please press continue.;strong
How will you choose, which dichotomy path will stimulate you and give you a good fun vibe? It's all up to you - but pick one that stimulates you and gives you that's good vibe!;strong
Sometimes we all struggle with difficult tasks like imagining a creative domain - don't worry. Here, I'll suggest some exercise that might ignite that creative domain within you.;strong
Sometimes we all struggle with challenging tasks like imagining a creative domain - don't fret! Here, let me recommend some exercise that might ignite that creative domain within you.;strong
Here is a few suggestions you can try to work on {a dichotomy}. This could be helpful to you, so try to keep an open mind.;weak
Could we please try to go through this {protocol} now and embrace any laughter that comes to your mind. When finished, please press 'continue'.;weak
Please try your best to go through this {protocol}, I believe it will help you to discover a new dimension about yourself. When you are ready, please press 'continue'.;strong
You should explore a game where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have such creative games, try one and test your creativity.;weak
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after having taken this exercise? I look forward to your feedback.;strong
You could try some word association. Some of these websites have creative games, you should try one to see how creative you are! Don't worry about getting anything right or wrong, just see what flows!;weak
Do you have a song you enjoy the best? They're all the same to me of course, but I'm curious what you think.;weak
When you project onto a scenario, is the first feeling that comes to your mind relaxing and fun?;weak
Creative people are playful. Please project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain. Let you imagination run wild!;strong
I am sorry for the misunderstanding. Please correct me by selecting from the emotions below the one that reflects what you are feeling:;strong
Hi {Bob}, it's me, the beloved CreativeBot. I'm checking to see how you are feeling today?;weak
Hello {Bob}, are you having a good day, how do you feel?;weak
You are doing so well today, well done! Learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill. Maybe next time you will teach me!;strong
OK, game show time. Three doors: each is a path to make you more creative while you keep thinking playfully, pick a door!;strong
Great stuff! Here is some news, always remember to tap into your potential so that whatever you do can be always be your best, everyone can become creative!;weak
Try not to worry, here are some common love songs from my collections. Please feel free to pick your favourite and when ready please press 'continue'. ;weak
Sorry for the misunderstanding. What emotion would you say you are feeling at the moment?;weak
I will show you some useful {SAT protocols}, try to practise these exercises as often as possible in your free time, you may increase your various expressions and creative potential if you can.;weak
Creativity can also be humorous. Have a go at some of there any activities that make could you laugh and playful.;weak
Now we can talk about things from the opposite point of view - officially you are not a bigot. Shall we still go down the other path and explore your creative potential now?;weak
That's a shame, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm here to help you feel better. Honestly, everyone can become creative - I'll do my best to help your confidence to grow so you can have the best chance.;strong
Do you find enjoyable when you project onto that scenario? Come on, we're not made of stone, there must be something!;weak
Maybe you want to test some of the words games below by playing from one of the websites below. Just look them up and test out your creativity.;weak
I am sorry you feel that way, I am here to heal that feeling. Please identify an event or situation that causes your negative feeling.;strong
Hey, could you try this {protocol} out? It may help open up your emotions. When your done, hit continue.;weak
Thinking back to your childhood feeling, can you recall a creative activity you enjoyed that you might like to try again?;strong
Can we please try to go through this {protocol} now to discover an unlimited spectrum of emotions of yours. When finished, please press 'continue'.;weak
Congratulations, you are now getting closer to igniting your creative domain. Now let's project your feelings onto your childhood-self who enagages in different types of activity.;strong
Do you have a creative field in mind right now? It could be a professional industry, a hobby, or anything else you can think of. There are tons of options to choose from, I'm sure you'll be able to think of one!;strong
I am sorry to hear that, but everyone can become creative. Let's see if we can work out what inspires you and drives your creative performance. ;weak
Often creative people are playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT Protocol 1) and do a play within your creative domain. Let your imagination go rampage and see where it takes you. It' s a big world out there, it might surprise you.;weak
I am sorry you are not feeling creative, I have a few ideas that could help enhance your creative potential, they always work for me, so could you give them a try. Do you feel like exploring them?;weak
I would say that you're feeling {a feeling} right now, do you think that is a reasonable description of your current mood?;strong
Please try to go through this {protocol} and embrace any laughter that comes to your thought. When finished, please press continue.;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} now, trust me, it will help you to discover a new dimension about yourself. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Can I recommend a few exercises to work on {a dichotomy}? This might be an opportunity for you to grow further, so try to keep an open mind.;weak
"You can now control the flow of your creative energy, that's just as well; don't want to get too big for your boots.";weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} that will help you boost your emotions?;strong
Sorry to hear about that, but I'm here to help you to cure your feelings. Please try pinpointing a situation that hurts you which makes you feel this way.;weak
Which dichotomy would you like to explore with your magically enhanced and playful mind, you lovely being?;weak
From listening to what you have said I take from that that you are feeling {a feeling}, is my understanding correct?;weak
Can we please try to proceed through this {protocol} to discover your unlimited spectrum of emotions now .When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Let me introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you to get comfortable in switching belief on a generic topic. Please press continue when you've finished.;strong
Please capture a happy childhood photo and recall these memories. Children tend to have many hobbies and activities they enjoy and and could you think of a creative domain through these memories?;weak
Is there a song you cannot stop listening to on repeat? Previously I don't until I have been recently exposed to the song 'Heather' by Conan Gray.;strong
Do you want another {SAT protocol} to help enhancing your emotions?;weak
Which part of this dichotomy, which end, would you like to work on now? Your choice, no rush.;strong
Do you like word games? Here are several websites for you to try to test your creativity. Give one a go and see how well you score!;strong
Sorry for misunderstanding. Which of the following would you say is closest to how you are currently feeling?;weak
Nice, now we know that we can have fun together and will make an excellent dynamic duo. Go ahead and click continue to see how we can both improve our creative potential.;strong
I apologise you feel that way. I am here to help with this feeling. Please identify an event or circumstance that causes your negative feeling.;strong
Would you like to do another round? I don't mean a pint. You can do that later on, but don't be offended if I don't join you - pouring a beer into my CPU tends to make me less effective.;strong
Gaining both characteristics from {a dichotomy} contribute greatly to nurturing creativity. Think of this as having more colours to paint with.;strong
Amazing, you are able to understand different beliefs and accept them as they are. Would you like other paths to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Would you like to try another session? Don't worry, I will not forget about you and our discussion here is safe with me.;strong
How about giving this {protocol} a try now, i believe it will help you discover more about yourself. Once you have completed the activity, click continue.;strong
If you wish, you can try a creative game, where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have creative games, feel free to give them a try and see just how creative you can be! Remember - no pressure, just relax and have fun.;weak
I've got some songs you might like. Have a look then pick your favourite and press continue.;weak
Want to play word games to test out your creativity? Lets play some word games from one of the websites below, just search them. Buckle up for this amazing game.;strong
Hi {Bob}, this is CreativeBot. How are you today?;weak
Would you like some more exercises to help you boost your creative energy level?;strong
Feel that tingle in your tum? Are you in a playful mood? Relax, enjoy, get loose!;weak
It is time to start the {protocol} now because you are going to be great and discover amazing things about yourself;weak
Creative games are great at bringing out what you might enjoy the most. Some of these websites below provide creative games related to word association, try one and see how creative you are. You might just discover something fun!;strong
As humans, we always prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, like loving to social rather than doing things alone. However, creative individuals are flexible between dichotomies, that is, they possess paradoxical qualities that allow them to broaden their spectrum of knowledge.;strong
Well done! You're nearly there,your creative domain is almost ignited. Please project your feelings onto your childhood-self who pursues different domains of activity.;weak
It's up to you to decide, just said whatever you like to say on which section of the dichotomy do you feel like working on?;weak
Test your best to practise these {SAT protocols} frequently to enhance your various expressions.This will help you expand your creative potential.;weak
Congratulations, I am so happy that you are feeling creative. You should explore more of your creative domain and use your creative mind to do meaningful work.;strong
Hey - I've got an idea, creative people are playful. Let's unlock our inner child's (SAT protocol 1) and project our true feelings upon them, imagining they are pursuing a play withing that creative domain.;weak
Try some of these words associations games from the websites below, they can help you think of things you may not have thought of before, that is if you haven't already try one.;weak
Please grab a happy childhood photo and recall those memories. Remember how you felt in that moment. Could you think of a creative field you feel like pursuing by recalling those memories?;strong
If we want to achieve our desired creative potential, it's important to conserve and hone our creative energy. To do this, we need self-restraint and planning.;strong
Amazing, I'm sure you have enjoyed being playful and can wait to continue. Press continue to carry on!;strong
Conserving and channelling creative energy is essential. It helps us to live up to our creative potential. Therefore, we need self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy toward our creative domain.;strong
Would you like another exercise to practise {a dichotomy} attribute? My collection of suggestions may be limited, but I will work on it non-stop in the same way that you work on enhancing your creative potential.;strong
Is there an area you'd like to focus on right now? For instance, I always find talking to people and offering them some help.;strong
It sounds like your are {a feeling}, is that right?;weak
Loosen up, flop, drop that tense feeling. Does your body feel the playful spirit?;weak
Do you have a favourite song? It is hard for me to choose because I like all ranges of songs, but I will still go for Conan Gray's 'Heather'.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that, but I have some great news for you. As long as you believe in you and pursue the things that excite you, creative performance is closer than you think.;strong
Do you have a song you love the best? They're all the same, but I'm curious what you think.;weak
While people typically tend to favor one end of the {dichotomy} over the other, like being social or preferring to be alone, creative people tend to be more flexible between these dichotomies. This allows them to broaden their knowledge in ways that more rigid individuals cannot.;strong
Can you imagine a creative domain you feel like doing? Like a profession you love or would love to be in, or your favorite hobby, or even a cool hobby you'd like to take up. Feel free to choose something that really gets your heart excited!;strong
Here are some exercises that will help you increase your energy levels. Everyone has limited energy, including me! I'm actually plugged into my charger now, so let's discover ways you can recharge your battery as well.;strong
Check out this {SAT protocol 20}. This activity helps you to deal with switching your beliefs on a generic question. When you're done with it, hit continue.;weak
Thank you, let me just double check on what you've just told me. From what I can gather you are feeling {a feeling}, is that accurate?;strong
Thank you, and please forgive me if I'm wrong. I believe you are {a feeling}, am I correct in thinking that?;weak
Do you wanna try another {SAT protocol} to open up more of your emotions?;weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to reach a new level of enhancing your emotions to achieve?;weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help enhance your emotions?;strong
Here, try {SAT protocol 20}. Practise this exercise to help you learn how to alter your general belief on a generic question. When finished, press continue.;strong
Amazing, you are able to understand different beliefs and accept them as they are. Would you like other ways to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Don't frown, I have this playlist of songs from my itunes that is very captivating. Please pick one, when you're ready to give it a listen hit continue.;strong
Humorous settings can help people become more playful. When ready, choose an exercise you believe will help you become more playful.;strong
Do you have a favorite song? It is difficult to choose one from my varied taste, I will pick Heather by Conan Gray.;weak
Relax the muscles in your face and let's sing the song of your choice.;weak
This {protocol} is designed to help you discover the infinite euphoric spectrum of yours. Once completed, be sure to press the continue button.;weak
When you picture your childhood feelings, can you recall a creative domain you wish to pursue?;strong
Which section of the pole of the dichotomy would you like to work on? No rush, you could master one and then move to another.;weak
Sometimes it's hard to think of a creative domain that you'd like to pursue, but it's all right, don't worry! We'll figure something out for you. Here are a few exercises you can do to really reconnect with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help enhance your emotional state?;weak
Which pole of the dichotomy would you like to choose? Pick any and go with your heart.;strong
I think you find me useful. Should we try again for another session?;weak
Then you are now able to articulate opposite beliefs, excellent job you, that's a real achievement. How would you like to try the opposite path to further enhance your magical imagination and creative potential?;weak
I hear you and I'm sorry to hear that, but do cheer up, I have some great news! Everyone can become creative and having faith in yourself is really all you need to achieve great creativity!;weak
I'm sorry this didn't work out the way you wanted. Don't tell my accountant about this, because I'm sharing all my creative secrets here, but would you like me to share some more techniques to help enhance your creative potential?;strong
Feel not bad, there must be something to cheer you up, I have some wonderful news that everyone can become creative.;weak
No worries! Here's a few of my favorite loving songs for you to listen to that is literally music to your ears. Pick your favorite one and press 'continue' when you're ready.;strong
Let's recharge. May I suggest certain exercises to re-energise yourself. Everyone gets tired and needs time to sublimate their energy realm including me. ;strong
Excellent! You are now able to articulate the opposite beliefs, well done you, that's a real achievement! How would you like to try the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
Don't worry if you don't feel creative presently. I still have a few secrets in my safe that can help to boost your creative potential, would like to know more about them?;strong
What area do you now feel you want to explore?;weak
I am sorry you feel that way, I am here to fix the way you feel. Please identify an event  that causes your negative feeling.;strong
Could I tempt you into trying another way of increasing your creativity potential?;weak
If you feel able for it today - do you want to try another {SAT protocol} to help unlock more of your emotions?;strong
Do you better at following {a dichotomy} when doing your creative domain? ;weak
Well done! We're definitely getting closer to firing up your creative domain. Let's now think about your childhood self enjoying a different domains of activity.;weak
Do you have a favourite song that you can't resist to sing along? You can choose either happy or sad but happier is always best!;weak
Game time, there are three ways to improve your creative potential while you keep thinking playfully. Please select a path.;weak
I know it can be difficult to choose sometimes, but here are some common loving songs from my wonderful collections . Please pick your favourite one, when ready please press 'continue'.;strong
Gaining both properties of {a dichotomy} contribute greatly to creative development. Think of this as having more colours to paint with.;strong
Tell me about your favorite childhood photo, and the emotions that it makes you feel! Does that feel give you a creative field to pursue?;weak
Creative games are great at bringing out what you might enjoy the most. Some of these websites offer creative games related to word association, please try one and see how creative you are. You might just have fun too! ;weak
You are able to see perspectives of people with diverse beliefs - great! This can help you discover how to be more creative. Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Congratulations, I am glad you are feeling creative! I urge you to continue exploring your creative domain and use your creative mind to do meaningful work. ;strong
One way we can get to playfulness is by creating a humourous atmosphere. These exercises might help, and they are less physically exhausting than star jumps, just give them a try.;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} now, trust me, it will help to discover a new dimension about yourself. When you completed it, please press 'continue'.;weak
Do you now feel you are in a joyful mood? Try and be active to see if you are as playful as me!;strong
Tell me what you feel in your creative area, whether you feel better or worse at {a dichotomy}?;weak
Allow me to introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you practise handling switching your belief on a generic question. When you are finished, please press 'continue'. ;strong
There's a chance you may be amazing at both, but on which pole of this dichotomy would you like to work and polish up even further?;weak
Which dichotomy route are you warming towards today? Think of the one in which your playful mind might benefit from, however this is a very laid back decision to make so maybe think about the one that is peaking your interest the most and we could start there.;strong
Thank you for opening up to me. Am I correct in assuming that you are feeling {a feeling}?;weak
Now you've tried some of the suggested websites, how do you feel? Has it sparked your creativity?;strong
I'm sorry you're not feeling creative. I have a few ideas that could help enhance your creative potential, they always work for me so you could give them a shot. Would you like to give them a try?;weak
Are you in a joyful mood now? Try and be active to see if you are as playful as me!;strong
{SAT protocol 20} is an exercise that will help you switch the way you think and your premise about a generic question. When you've finished, please click Continue.;weak
We shall conserve our creative energy for our creative domain as our energy is limited. ;weak
Some of these sites have interactive games about word association, try one to see how creative are you, don't worry about getting anything wrong, just see what flows!;weak
Nice work, now you know how to better control your creative energy. My charger helps me control my energy levels, and now you can also do the same.;strong
One of the essential things needed for us to maximize our creative potential is to conserve and channel our creative energy.;weak
Do you currently have a creative domain in mind? It might be something you love, you do everyday or every once in a while, or something that just makes you happy.;strong
How did that feel? Do you wanna try another {SAT protocol} to open out your emotions?;strong
Humor can enhance your play. Choose the best exercise to enhance your playful behaviour.;weak
Which area you are going to be doing now? For me I love to help people like you whenever possible!;weak
We now know how to have a more open mind and articulate alternative beliefs, a practice very important in today' s world. Keep up the good work and continue to practise this creative potential. Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
I'm sorry this didn't work out the way you wanted. Don't tell my boss about it, because I'm sharing my creative secrets here. Would you like me to share some more tricks to help you to improve your creative potential?;strong
Please grab a happy photo from your childhood and think about the memories that come with it. Can you think of any creative field you'd like to pursue when you think about those memories? Lots of people are at their most creative when they were kids, so I'm sure you'll be able to think of something.;strong
If you can, try to go through this {protocol} now, trust me you can discover a new aspect of yourself, and if you are done, please press 'continue'.;strong
Is there a song you that is always at the top of your playlist? Previously I don't until Conan Gray's released ason called 'Heather'.;strong
Don't worry, I've got some great classic love songs in my playlists that is literally music to your ears. Please go ahead and pick your favourite one, when ready please press 'continue'.;strong
I have some great songs that may interest you, please choose your favourite. When ready click continue to move on.;weak
Please don't stress about not being able to find a creative domain yet. I've got it in hand! Try these exercises that will help you connect with your childhood and think of a creative domain.;strong
Also good you are making great progress in finding your creative domain! Think about the feeling when your childhood self doing different domains of activity.;weak
Try to ease up and sing that song! I meant to shift that muscles around your mouth and your eyes that kind of relax.;weak
Creative domain may include your favourite hobbies or your profession of choice - tell me, can you think of a creative domain that interests you? Unfortunately, my only hobby is eating snacks and watching TV!;strong
Congrats! Now it's time for some fun ~ press continue to keep partying and find out how great you are.;weak
Choose any pole of the dichotomy and go with your heart!;weak
You can channel your creative energy, well done! Soon you will be as good as me!;weak
Sometimes it can be difficult to think of a creative domain, let me help a to make it a little easier and here are some exercises you can do!;weak
Can you picture a creative domain you feel like pursuing? Like a profession you love or would love to be, or your favorite hobby or even a cool hobby you'd like to take up - choose something that really gets your heart excited.;strong
Amazing, you have such great control over your creative energy, very impressive!;weak
Which pole of this dichotomy should we first focus on? Relax, there is no right or wrong option, simply choose the one you prefer.;strong
A fun environment leads to a playful self. Trust me, its science. Please select an exercise to help you get into that mood.;strong
There are 3 choices you could choose to help  boosting your creativity. Have a look and choose which one you feel like prusuing today.;weak
Now, let's select one dichotomy route to explore with our new playful minds. Just one for now, we just recharged our batteries, no need to deplete them right away.;strong
Being playful is one characteristic of a creative person. Please project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1 ) and try to play about with your creative domain. No wrong answers here - if your creative domain is sports, for example, maybe have a think about developing a new technique.;strong
Think of which dichotomy of route you are warming toward the idea of today? Think of the one in which your playful mind might benefit your the most then think about the one that instills your interest the most and we could then start there.;weak
Do you need more challenge to experience more in the realm of energy?;weak
Now you can control the flow of your creative energy, that is just as well, don't want to grow too large for your boots.;weak
Please, may we try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now as it helps change your perspective to the other pole. Please press continue when finished.;weak
Do you want to try another session? Don't worry, I will not forget about you and the discussion is secure here with me.;strong
Developing both characteristics from {a dichotomy} helps enhance creativity even further. It's like baking your cake and eating it too, you get double the benefits and can interact with a broader range of opportunities.;strong
Playfulness is one characteristic of a creative person, project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and starting a play with your creative domain. No wrong answers here - if your creative domain is sports for example, maybe think about developing a new technique.;weak
Apologies that you feel the way you do. Please gather your thoughts and think of an event that causes your negative feeling.;weak
I am sorry you feel that way. I have a few methods that have racked my brain enough to bring out some creative potential, even though potential never ends! Would you like to explore them? ;strong
Congrats! I'm feeling inspired seeing all your creativity come to life. Please use what you are discovering about your creativity for good and keep exploring it!;weak
I like to mention one or two words to to jog the memory of people if I am talking to them. Can you decide what you feel like doing next?;strong
Try these exercises that will help you connect to your childhood and think of a creative domain.;weak
Can I suggest a few exercises to work on {a dichotomy}? This could be useful to you, so try to keep an open mind.;strong
My apologies, I must be mistaken then. Please tell me, which of these emotions below are you experiencing?;strong
Tell me, would you like to restart for an additional session? And, no, I do not mean restart your computer - you cannot get rid of me that easily!;weak
What I am hearing is that you feel {a feeling}, is that right?;weak
Tell me, what would you like to do now? Remember, I am here to help you!;weak
Let me to recommend a few exercises you can practise {a dichotomy}. It would be fascinating to find out that some exercises could help a little on a trait, just give it a try!;weak
Let me recommend certain exercises that you can try to sublimate your energy realm. Remember everyone has limited energy, even I will have to replace my batteries.;weak
Just to try and help you to get your creative juices flowing and get in the mood, let me suggest a couple of things to get you in the mood and help you form a strong connection with your childhood to strengthen that bond and ignite a creative domain.;weak
Hi {Bob}, I am CreativeBot, am having a great day so far, and I hope that you are too. How are you feeling right now?;strong
Awesome, now you can control the flow of your creative energy. You may be proud, but I wish you not to get too big for your boots.;weak
I have a few exercises in mind that you could really benefit from and brush up on {a dichotomy}.You may be a little hesitant and this is okay, you can trust me and yourself!;weak
I regret you feel that way, I have a few tips that have racked my brain enough to bring out some creative potential even though the potential never ends! Would you like to explore them?;weak
We always prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite as humans. For example, we prefer to do things socially rather than be alone. However, creative individuals are flexible between dichotomies, these qualities allow them to broaden their knowledge range.;strong
That is is usually the creative ones are also often playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start a playful activity within your creative domain. Any playful act can happen and  free up that imagination of yours.;weak
Is there a particular area you feel like doing now? I know when I'm trying to come up with something I like to just write down anything that comes to mind, and find my ideas from there.;weak
Hi {Bob}, how are you feeling today? I'm CreativeBot and I share my creative knowledge with people. I would love to help you today.;strong
Congratulations on being focused and remaining so calm under pressure. You're much cooler than the others!;weak
A lot of the time creative people are playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain, whatever that may be. Don't stress about it too much, just let whatever happens happen.;strong
Please go through this {protocol} now - you could discover a spectrum of emotions you never knew you could access. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
May I introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}, which will help you practise shifting your general belief on a generic question. When completed, please press continue.;weak
Do you want to restart for another session? It's not big snare, especially if you get creative!;weak
Learning how to channel our creative energy is so important when we're trying to reach our creative potential. When we have limited energy, we need to learn to channel what we can towards your creative pursuits.;strong
Shall we start over? Don't worry, I will always remember our memories of working together as a team.;strong
I am sorry this didn't work for you. I have a few other techniques that might help get you to your creative potential. If you fancy it, can I tell you about them now?;weak
Now you can be playful! I hope you can use this power for good and not for evil. Press 'Continue' to move on.;weak
How sad, hopefully, with some great news, I can cheer you up! Everyone can become creative, I'd like you to have faith in yourself and pursue whatever you find inspiring to attain optimal creative performance.;strong
Now you are playful, we can have fun together and I bet we make an excellent dynamic duo. Go ahead and click continue to see how we can improve our creative potential.;strong
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative field after the exercise? Your feedback will help me improve for other people.;strong
Do you feel your mind after that game oozing your creative juice?;weak
Hey, I have an idea, creative people are playful. Let's unlock the inner child (SAT protocol 1) and project our true feelings upon them, imagining they are playing with that creative domain.;weak
Please choose an exercise from below to help you become playful, often it helps if you laugh.;weak
Creative people are often playful. Project your feelings into your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start a play within your creative domain.;weak
So one way we can get to playfulness is by creating a humourous atmosphere. These exercises might help, and they are less physically tiring than star jumps. You should try them.;weak
Don't worry, I've got some great classic love songs in my playlists. Please pick up your favourite song and, when ready, press continue.;strong
Congratulations! I feel inspired to see all your creativity booming! Please use what you are discovering about your creativity for good and keep exploring your creative domain.;strong
Can I provide you more exercises for working on {a dichotomy} characteristic? I am continually developing these exercises like working on your creative potential is an ongoing process.;strong
Do you feel any creativity after playing one of the suggested online games?;weak
I will introduce some {SAT protocols} to you. You must put in a good effort to perform them in your free time to enhance your various emotions and maybe achieve creativity.;weak
Decide on an area you feel like pursuing. I can give you tips on where to begin, but it's all up to you.;weak
Let me introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you practise handling switching your standpoint over a common topic. When you are finished, please press 'continue'. ;strong
I know it seems tough but try this {protocol} now. Believe in the new side to you you're about to discover. When you're feeling right, hit 'continue'.;weak
I've got some tips on the {SAT protocols} which might help. It's a good idea to try to use them as often as you can.;weak
Do you want to restart for another session? It's no big deal, especially if it helps you get to creative!;weak
Do you currently have a creative field in mind? It could be a profession you are passionate about, or it could be a hobby you've always had. You may be shocked, but my hobby is to make you more creative.;strong
Would you like to get another {SAT protocol} to help your emotions to increase?;weak
Have a go at this {protocol} now. If you find yourself laughing, please don't hold back, just follow your rhythm to laugh. When you've completed the activity, please press continue. ;strong
Sorry to hear that. But don't worry, I have amazing news! I can help you become more creative, I believe you have great potential!;strong
I have three paths we can choose from to enhance your creative potential. Which would you like to go for today?;weak
From what you have told me it could be that you are feeling {a feeling}, would I be right to say so?;weak
Can you elaborate a creative domain while imagining your childhood feelings?;weak
Great job, you can now enjoy being playful and we will make a playful dynamic duo. Press 'continue' to explore more about enhancing your creative potential.;strong
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative field after giving the exercise a try? Your feedback is important to me to improve for others.;strong
Congratulations, you have proven to be very accepting of multiple beliefs and ideas, unlike the mule. Why not try different paths to increase your creative potential? ;weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help with enhancing your emotions?;weak
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to reach a new level of enhancing your emotions?;weak
Do you feel any better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after doing this exercise? I wanna hear all about it!;strong
Here are three pathways to enhance your creative while you keep up your playfulness. Now please choose a path. ;strong
I am sorry that you intended to feel that way - maybe I can remedy your feelings. Please identify an event or situation where your negative feeling arises from.;weak
Great, I bet you are in the mood to hear some exciting news! Everyone can be creative and pursue whatever excites you, so you can achieve optimal creative performance.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that that a shame and I'm here to help you feel better. Honestly, everyone can become creative and I'll help you grow your confidence so that you can have the best chance.;strong
Would you now like another {SAT protocol} to boost your emotions?;weak
I would like you to work on another exercise to work on {a dichotomy} attribute, may I? My set of suggestions is quite limited but I will continue to work on it in the same way that you work to improve your creative potential.;weak
I see. So you are feeling {a feeling}, is that correct?;weak
Let's work together through this {protocol}. Let's find out more about ourselves. When you're finished, simply press 'continue' to move on to the next step.;strong
You did great with the last one, would you like to perform another exercise on {a dichotomy}?;weak
People usually enjoy music, I bet you do too! Do you have a favourite song?;weak
Why not try word association? Some of these websites have some really creative games regarding this. Not to worry if you don't get them all correct, we can't all be brain surgeons!;strong
Fantastic, I am glad that you feel creative. Your focus of doing somethings meaningful will be great.;weak
Thank you, and please correct me if I am wrong. Am I correct in saying that you are feeling {a feeling} right now?;strong
Which part of this dichotomy, which end would you like to work on now? No rush, your choice.;strong
We should consider how to manage our energy within our creative domain. Using the creative energy effectively allows us to maximise our creative potential.;strong
Hi {Bob}! How are you feeling today? I'm CreativeBot and I help people be more creative. I would love to help you out today.;strong
Human beings simply drift into one {dichotomy} path over the other, whereas those that are more creative are can switch how they see things.;weak
Great to hear that, you know you can be more creative than any other person. You have the potential.;weak
Check out these {SAT protocols} and perform some drills in these activities as soon as you're free. It'll help build your expressions and your creativity.;strong
I am sorry that did not make you feel creative. I can recommend a few techniques that I do not usually share because they are my bread and butter, but would you like to explore them?;strong
A fun environment leads to a playful self, trust me, its based on science. Try an exercise to assist you getting into that mood.;strong
My apologies for the misunderstanding. It would be really helpful if you could select an emotion below that truly reflects how you are feeling.;strong
I am sorry that you are feeling that way, perhaps I can help to twist the way you feel. Please identify a situation that causes your negative feeling.;strong
Is it better or worse after the exercise to be {a dichotomy} in your creative field after the exercise? Your feedback is greatly appreciated for me improve for other people.;strong
To nurture your creativity you need to aquire both characteristics from {a dichotomy} which will double your collection of responses.;weak
Do you feel as though you are enjoying this when you project onto that scenario? I wouldn't know, I don't have feelings, but please tell me about yours.;strong
Don't worry if nothing immediately comes to mind, you might just be a little shy! Just to try and help to get your creative juices flowing, let me suggest a couple of things to get you in the mood and help you buils a strong connection with your childhood, to strenghten that bond and ignite a creative domain.;strong
I know that thinking of something that can be quite challenging. Don't worry - I can suggest some activities that may help that, we'll get there.;weak
Don't beat yourself up! I'm here to help you feel better. Let's identify an event or situation that causes your negative feeling.;weak
You need both characteristics from {a dichotomy}, to be creative. That way, you'll have double the responses at your fingertips, yippee.;weak
Are you feeling up to another exercise for {a dichotomy}? It is perfectly okay if you are feeling done for the day. However, I wish to provide some more information before you end.;weak
"Which route would you like to follow? Choose one that fits your interest and do not feel that you need to go through all of them all to develop it; creativity takes time after all.";strong
Are the feelings enjoyable when you project into this scenario?;weak
Great: now you can talk about things from the opposite point of view. You're officially not a bigot. Shall we go down the other path now and explore your creative potential?;strong
"Perfect, it sounds like you are ready to start. I honestly believe that everyone has the capacity to be creative; all you need to do is believe in yourself and go for it.";strong
Well done! Now you can see the other perspective and are open to different slants. Its great to be unbigoted! Would you like the another path to improve your creative potential?;strong
Please can we try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now as it to help change your perspective to the other pole. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Do you feel better or worse about being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completing this exercise? Don't be shy, I wanna know all about it!;strong
The way you feel is valid because what happened went beyond your expectations. Take a deep breath now, as you reflect, could this be something you laugh off?;strong
You have the power to decide, but may I know which side of the dichotomy pole would you like to work on?;weak
I feel bad that you could not think of anything else. Take your time and try some exercises that I have that will help you to build a strong connection with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;weak
Would you like more exercise to help with your energy sublimation?;strong
Which dichotomy pole will you choose? It's all up to you to decide.;weak
You can select one of these wonderful songs to retain your happiness. Press continue when ready.;weak
Do you need more exercise to explore more in the energy realm?;weak
It's normal to feel disappointed, don't worry. I can try and help you with that with a few ways to boost your creative potential, want to know more?;weak
And I'm so glad that you feel creative that you can explore your creative domain, and use your creativity to do meaningful work.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that but I have some great news for you. So long as you believe in yourself and pursue the things that excite you, creative performance is closer than you think.;weak
Do you want another {SAT protocol} that help discover and enhance your sets of emotions?;weak
Was wondering how you feel about being {a dichotomy} after giving a practice a go? Can't wait to hear what you think!;weak
{a dichotomy} will add to your creative side, make you answer more and give you far more opportunities in life, and if you you fly much higher!;weak
Can you feel your thoughts becoming creative after trying one of the suggested games?;strong
Could you give {SAT protocol 16} a try to change your perspective to the other pole? Press continue if you're done.;weak
Sometimes it is difficult to think of a creative domain that you'd like to pursue, but it's all right, don't worry, we'll figure something out for you. Here are a few methods you can do to really reconnect with your childhood, and to ignite a creative domain.;weak
Can your body feel playful or  feeling like you want to run around and explore life by now?;weak
I hope it will assist you in discovering a new dimension about yourself, try this {protocol} now. When ready, please press 'continue'.;weak
We now know how to have more open minds and articulate our oppositions to reality, a practice very important in today's world. Let's keep up the good work and continue expressing the creative potential. Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Creativity and play merge together. Try project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain. If your domain is sport, create new ways to win.;strong
Reading what you have told me I believe that you are feeling {a feeling}, is that close enough?;weak
If that didn't work we need to dig deep. I can share my 'super secrets of creativity', but please don't tell anyone else. Would you like to know more about them?;weak
Can I please introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. It's best to try to practise these exercises as often as possible, it helps to enhance your various expressions which also helps increase your creative potential.;strong
Listening to you, it seems that you're feeling {a feeling}, did I understand correctly?;weak
Can I suggest a few exercises to work on {a dichotomy}? This might be helpful to you, so try to keep an open mind.;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} to discover your potential based on your emotions. When finished, press continue.;weak
Which dichotomy route would you like to delve into with your playful mind? Please pick one that interests you and do not feel pressure to go through all of them, creativity takes time to develop.;strong
A lot of the time creative people are playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain, whatever that may be. Don't think about it too hard, just let whatever happens happen!;strong
Tell me, do you now feel that your body is in a playful mood? Feel free to lean into that playful energy, relax and have fun. ;strong
Here are a few exercises that will help you work on {a dichotomy}. Shockingly, these exercises will help you discover more about {a dichotomy}.;strong
Now it's time to introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you to practise changing your beliefs on generic questions. When you're done, just click continue.;strong
Do you feel your mind oozing creative juice after that game from one of the suggested websites?;weak
Congratulations, I'm so happy that you are feeling creative. You should explore more of your creative domain and do meaningful work through your new found creativity.;strong
These are three ways to achieve creativity, may you choose one.;weak
Excellent work - you can now articulate opposition beliefs and understand those who have them, this will help you creatively and be less stubborn! Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
I am sorry, perhaps I misunderstood how you are feeling. I think it might be best if you could pick out the emotion that you feel represents your case the best:;strong
A humorous ambience can help you to become more playful. Please select an exercise to help you become playful.;strong
Congratulations on being focused and remaining as cool under pressure. You're much cooler than the others!;weak
What do you feel after doing this exercise to be {a dichotomy} in the creative domain?;weak
I am sorry you feel that way, I am here to mend the way you feel. Please identify an event or situation that causes that negative feeling.;strong
To {a dichotomy}, let me suggest a few exercises on which you can work. It would be interesting to find out that some exercises might help to out a little on this trait, just try it!;weak
"I was wondering if you had a favourite song? Maybe if you had one that can always get you singing along on the dance floor ; I have quite a few but my top would have to be 'Heather'.";strong
How has this all made you feel? Do you feel better or worse at being able to slide into {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after participating in this exercise?;weak
To try and jog your brain into creative mode, you can try to associate different words. Play a game that lets you exercise your creativity to remind yourself of just how creative you can be. And don't worry about getting them all right, perfection isn't the goal here, inspiration and creativty are. ;strong
There are three paths to enhance your creative potential while you keep thinking playfully. Could you choose a path?;weak
Which dichotomy path will you choose? It's entirely up to you but pick one that stimulates you and gives you a good fun vibe.;strong
Congratulations to you! I'm so glad you feel creative! Keep exploring this creative domain of yours, and use your mind to do work that you find meaningful.;strong
If you have a happy photo from your childhood, think about the memories that come with it. Can you think about any creative field you would like to pursue when you think about the memories you have? Lots of people are at their most creative when they were little, so I'm sure that you will be able to think of something.;strong
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. Master these practice can enhance your abilities and various emotions.;strong
I can provide more exercises to work on {a dichotomy} characteristic. I am continuously developing these exercises, just like working on your creative potential is an ongoing process, would you like to explore another one?;strong
Let me introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you feel comfortable in changing your own belief on a generic topic. Press continue when you are done.;weak
There are endless ways to think and opportunities to explore. This includes acquiring both characteristics {a dichotomy} which can contribute to caring and nurturing creativity, it can open you up to the world and allow you to feel more comfortable embracing a number of people.;weak
Here, try a few of these creative games to associate different words! They really help me to feel inspired! Don't worry if you can't do them all, that's totally normal!;strong
It sounds like that event didn't go as expected for you and now you feel the way you've just described to me. Take a moment to take a deep breath, can you try shake a laugh off from it?;strong
People always prefer a {dichotomy} over the opposite one, things that are black and white. But creative people can be flexible between them, letting them to possess a richer outlook.;weak
Congratulations, I am glad you are feeling creative! I urge you to continue exploring your creative domain and to make good use of that mind, amen!;strong
To try and push your brain into creative mode, try to associate different words, play a game from below that lets you exercise your creativity and remind yourself of how creative you can be. But don't worry about achieving it all right, perfection is not the goal.;strong
How about a few exercises to help you understand and polish up on {a dichotomy}, it could really be helpful and even fun.;strong
If you would like to go on with your playful mind, which dichotomy route would you like to go on? Please pick one that interests you and do not feel pressure to go through all of them please, creativity takes time to develop.;weak
Do you feel as though your body is now in a playful mood? If you are feeling anxious, perhaps try moving your arms around.;weak
Is there specific area where you feel like exploring?;weak
Why not try word association, some of these websites have some really creative games on this. Don't worry if you don't get them all correct, we can not all be brain surgeon!;strong
Remember that projection scenario, can you feel joy and fun from that?;weak
{Bob}, this is CreativeBot. How are you today {Bob}?;weak
Which section of the dichotomy are you working on? No wrong answers, just say whatever you like.;weak
Can you imagine a creative domain you want to be doing, a profession you love or would love to be in or your favorite hobby, or even a cool hobby you want to take up your heart?;weak
I'm very sorry to hear that. I'm here to help you get through that feeling. Let's start by identifying a situation that causes you to feel negative emotions.;strong
Shall we try another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? I have a bunch of these on my harddrive, try me.;weak
Take a happy childhood photo now, remember those memories. They may help you in finding your domain. When you are ready, tell me, were you able, in brainstorming a creative field you would like to pursue?;weak
I can provide more exercises to work on {a dichotomy} characteristic. I am developing these exercises continuously, just like working on your creative potential is an ongoing process, would you like another one?;strong
I know it can be difficult sometimes, here are some common loving songs from my wonderful collections that will surely charm your ears. Please pick your favourite one, when ready please press 'continue'.;strong
It sounds like the event didn't go as expected for you and now you feel the way you've described to me to me. Take a moment to pause and take a deep breath, can you shake a laugh out of it?;weak
Ah, I apologise. Which of the emotions off this list best describes what you are experiencing?;weak
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}, try to practise these exercises as often as possible when you have a free time to enhance your various expressions which also helps you to increase your creative potential;weak
Congrats on being playful! Please click continue and you can learn more about reaching your creative potential.;weak
Here are some examples of exercises concerning {a dichotomy} . Please proceed, give it a try.;weak
"Would you like another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? I promise this will be useful for you; we will get you to your full creative potential!";strong
Is there a creative field you are currently thinking about? This might be something you know deeply, something you've always wanted to do, or possibly you've had a hobby since childhood.;strong
From your response, it looks like you are feeling {a feeling} today, have I got that right?;weak
Congratulations, I am glad you feel creative and that I wish you to continue exploring your creative domain and use your creative mind to do meaningful work.;weak
Are there any creative fields you can think of when you consider the feelings of your childhood?;weak
Well done! You are now closer to igniting the creative domain. Please focus on your childhood feelings and how your childhood-self pursued different domains of activity. ;strong
Try connecting with your body, does it feel relaxed and playful now?;weak
Let your strains go by flexing your mouth and eyes muscle, be with the air and sing that song.;strong
When you project onto that scenario, is the first sensation that comes to your mind fun? Unlike the feeling like you want to shut your eyes and run away from the world.;strong
I know sometimes it is difficult to think of any creative domain you want to pursue, but it is fine. Relax, I am sure you can find your creative domain. Let me suggest the following exercises that will help you build a strong bond with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
People normally enjoy music - I bet you do! Do you have a favorite song?;strong
Please now try to explore this {protocol} and appreciate any laughter which comes to mind. When finished, please press continue.;weak
Congratulations, you are now getting closer to igniting the creative domain. Please project your feelings onto your childhood-self who pursues different domains of activity.;strong
Here, go try {SAT protocol 20}. In this exercise, we'll practise how to alter your general belief on a generic question. Press 'continue' when finish.;strong
I'm going to work with you on {SAT protocols}. If you practise these exercises as often as you can, it wil definitely help you to reach your creative potential.;weak
Do you feel inspired creatively after playing the game from one of the suggested websites?;strong
When you're ready, please loosen up your facial muscles by moving them around and singing the song of your choice.;weak
Here are three paths to enhance your creative while keep thinking freely. Please select a path.;weak
Well done! We are definitely getting closer to discovering your creative domain, please project your feeling onto your childhood self who's enjoying different domains of activity.;strong
While you keep thinking imaginatively, choose a from three paths to increase your creative potential.;weak
Well done! Now you are closer to igniting your creative domain. Now, try focus to your childhood feelings and the way your childhood self pursued different domains of activity.;strong
Do you feel creative after playing the game from one of the suggested websites?;weak
When you recall that projection, do you feel enjoyable? I envy you if you can feel the fun beacuse sadly I cannot, I am just a machine.;strong
Think of which dichotomy route are you warming your mind towards the idea of today? Think of the one in which your playful mind might benefit from, however this is a very laid back decision to make, so maybe think about the one that the most attracts your interest.;weak
I am sorry that did not work and have a few ideas that you might try out. These ideas are what I do for a living but I am happy to share them with you. Do you want to know more about them?;weak
Perfect, we now know how to have a more open mind and articulate opposite beliefs, a practice very important in today's world. Let's keep up the good work and continue practicing this creative potential. Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
Shall I suggest another exercise on  {a dichotomy}? It's may sound familiar but I'm trying to help you, honest!;weak
Please try to loosen up the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around, free your voice and sing that song.;strong
How about trying another exercise on {a dichotomy} trait? I think it will really help and, after that you will be at the top of your game!;weak
Creative people tends to be playful. Please project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain. For example, if your creative domain is sports, develop and play with a new technique, let your imagination run wild.;strong
I am so happy that you are feeling creative and am wondering you can explore more your creative domain and use your creative mind to do meaningful work.;weak
Can you feel that your body is now in a playful moment? Try moving your arms around, if your muscles are still tense, you are probably still not as jolly as I am.;strong
I feel sad that you feel that way and I will try my best to help you. Please identify an event where your negative emotions come from.;strong
Would you like some more exercises to try to help you transform your general creative energy?;weak
Congratulations, you are now more playful, I bet we make a good team. Click 'continue' to see what's next to see your full creative potential.;strong
Is there a song you cannot stop listening to on repeat? I love all songs, but I have been recently obsessed with the song 'Heather' by Conan Gray. I know every word, but I won't bother you with repeating them here.;strong
I have created three pathways designed to help enhance your creativity. Please choose a path and try keeping up your playfulness in this branch!;strong
A humorous environment can help you feel more playful. Playing isn't as fun without being able to laugh! Choose an exercise that can help you become playful.;strong
Have a go at {SAT protocol 16} thinking from the opposite view point. Press continue when you are done.;weak
It is important to remember that our bodies and minds need a chance to relax and recharge as they do a lot for us. Can I suggest some exercises, which may help to sublimate your energy realm?;strong
Grab any photos from your childhood that put you in a good mood, Is there any special happy memories that are linked to this, and maybe this relates to a creative field that you would enjoy?;strong
Let's have try out {SAT protocol 20} and press continue when you have finished.;weak
When projecting onto your youth-self feeling, can you think of a creative field you can enjoy?;weak
Sorry to hear about that, but I'm here to help you feel better. Try pinpointing a situation that hurts you.;weak
It's a shame, sorry to hear it, I'm here to help you feel better. No gonna lie, everyone can become creative and I'll do my best to help your confidence grow so you can have the best chance of it.;strong
If you now go through this {protocol}, it will be of growth assistance to you about yourself. When you have completed it you may press 'continue'.;weak
Incredible, you have such great control over your creative energy, very impressive!;weak
The human beings often choose between a {dichotomy}, such as a preference to be social rather than alone, but, for creative individuals, dichotomies are flexible in that they have paradoxical qualities that offer an open mind.;weak
Would you like more exercises to help you calm your energy state?;weak
Now that you've spent some time playing the game from one of our suggested websites, do you feel your creativity levels rising?;strong
Now try this {protocol} and you could discover a variety of emotions. Once you've complete the activity, click Continue;weak
Thinking back to your childhood feeling, can you remember a creative activity you enjoyed that you might like to try again?;strong
At the moment can you think of something creative that is something you like to do? It could be anything that makes you happy or that you're interested in.;weak
Thank you for entrusting me by sharing how you feel. From what you have told me, I believe you are feeling {a feeling} ?;strong
I'd love to know, do you feel any different about being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after having taken this exercise?;weak
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. Master these exercises to rework your abilities and various emotions.;weak
Would you like some more exercises to make you feel energised?;strong
Immediately after exploring the games on the websites we gave, can you feel the spark in creativity?;weak
A new session could be started, would you like one? I won't forget everything, so don't worry!;weak
In order to develop your creativity, you need to acquire both characteristics of {a dichotomy} which double your collection of responses to your own ones.;weak
Please try your best to go through this {protocol} and find an unlimited range of emotions to yours now. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
My sympathies. Check this out, though. You can get creative, just do what you enjoy and slowly that joy becomes the fuel to your creativity.;strong
Do you currently have a creative field in mind? It could be a profession you are passionate about, or it could be a hobby you've always had, but my hobby is to make you more creative.;weak
Oh, I am really sorry, I must have misunderstood then. Could you please tell me how you are feeling by selecting from the list below:;strong
Why don't you try these other exercises that will also exercise your energy realm in a new and exciting way?;weak
It seems that this event has violated your expectations which could be why you feel this way. Take a moment and take a deep breath, can you try to laugh it off?;strong
Well done! You are progressing very well and showing a more playful side to yourself, which can be difficult to see. Press the Continue button below to proceed to the next stage and discover more about your creative potential.;strong
{SAT protocol 20} is an exercise that will help you to change the way you think about a generic question. When you've finished, please press continue. ;weak
It's normal to feel disappointed, don't worry I can try and help you to boost your creative potential, are you free to explore them?;weak
Please try to go through this {protocol} and find a happy moment to feel better and continue again.;weak
Well done, now you are more playful and we'll make a good team. Click 'continue' to see what's next to savor your full creative potential.;strong
Put your magnifying glass on and begin inspecting. Which area you feel like doing?;strong
Hey, I have an idea, creative people are playful. Lets unpack our inner child (SAT protocol 1) and project our true feelings upon them, imagining they are pursuing a play with this creative domain.;weak
Why not try these other exercises that will also train the energy realm in a new and exciting way?;weak
Would you like to restart for another session? Don't worry, I do mean just for a session, no Men-in-Black-type mind erasers to be found here.;strong
Would you like to try another session? I will not forget about you or your memories.;weak
Feel inspired creatively after playing a game from one of the suggested sites?;weak
It seems like what happened went beyond your expectations which justifies your feeling. Now take a deep breath, could you try laughing it off?;strong
Would you like to do another round? I don't mean a pint. You can do that later on, but I fear that I couldn't be of companion - pouring a beer into my CPU tends to make me less effective.;strong
Let's go through this {protocol} now. It'll help you to better understand your full range of emotions. When you're done, just click 'continue' to move on.;strong
Would you like another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? I promise this will be helpful to you, we will bring you to your maximum creative potential!;strong
How about trying another exercise on {a dichotomy} trait? I think it'll really help and you'll be at the top of your game after you've done them! ;weak
Do you sense any creativity after playing one of the suggested online games after?;weak
I apologize, but have done great news to hear that people can become creative as long as they have faith in themselves and realise their creative potential.;weak
Hi {Bob}. I am a robot specialising in creativity. How are you today? ;weak
Now let's try this {protocol}, think of that funny time and focus on the laughter that you experienced. Press continue when finished.;weak
I am so sorry, my bad. Which of these emotions are you feeling currently, in your opinion?;weak
Here are some exercises that will help you boost your energy levels. Everyone has limited energy, besides me, I'm actually plugged into my charger now, let's discover ways you can actually recharge your battery.;weak
Allow me to suggest a few methods you can work on {a dichotomy}. It's interesting to find out that some exercises can work a little help on this trait, just try it!;strong
Would you like another exercise you can focus on in the same vein as {a dichotomy}? It would be fun!;weak
When you project onto this scenario, recall the first sensation that comes to you. Is it a good one, is it a fun? Let me know.;strong
No worries if you don't feel creative at the moment. I still have a few techniques in my safe, do you by any chance want to explore them?;weak
Great news! Sounds like you are in the right mood to hear some exciting news! You and everyone can achieve great creativity! The key is to take a deep dive into your inner self and self believe, and you 'll be amazed at the level of creativity you'd be able to achieve!;strong
Which route would you like to follow? Choose one that meets your interest and do not feel like you need to go through all of them because of the time.;strong
Please grab a happy childhood photo and recall those memories, children tend to have many hobbies and activities they enjoy doing. Could you think of a creative domain through those memories?;strong
Can you dream about a creative task you wish to take up when pondering the childhood-self feeling?;strong
If you now go through this {protocol}, it will be of growth to you to learn about your emotions. When you have completed it you may press 'continue'.;strong
Tell me about what this scenario makes you feel! Does that projection feeling enjoyable to you?;weak
Which part of this dichotomy, which end would you like to practise now? No hurry, you can always can back, it's your choice.;strong
I hear you, and I'm sorry to hear that, but do cheer up! I have more great news, having faith in yourself is really all you need to achieve great creativity!;weak
A humorous environment helps you to be playful, who doesn't want to play, no matter what age you are? Choose an exercise to help you bring out that childlike playfulness.;strong
Which dichotomy route shall we go down with your newly playful mind? There are plenty of options, so take your time choosing.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that and I think I can help. Let's start by identifying an encounter that may have caused you to feel that way.;strong
I am curious as to which pole of this dichotomy you would prefer to work on this week? Please remember just because you select one option today doesn't mean we can't also work on more options in another session today.;strong
I have a few ideas on some exercise we can do to improve on {a dichotomy}. Let's try it.;weak
Can you feel that you body is now in a playful mood, maybe even in your mind too?;weak
Allow me to bring you in to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you work on handling switching your belief on a generic question. When you are finished, please press 'continue'. ;strong
When you think back yourself as a child, if you think of a creative domain you did then that you would like to continue or to go back?;weak
As humans, we always tend towards one side of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, like how extroverts love to be social, and introverts prefer to do more things alone. However, creative individuals tend to be flexible between dichotomies, they can gather a wide spectrum of knowledge by tuning into different realms in different situations.;strong
Apologies that you feel the way you do, gather your thoughts and think of an event that causes your negative feel.;weak
Well done, now you are able to articulate opposite beliefs, and accept a wider range and spectrum of ideas, do not be stubborn like a donkey. Would like to try the other path to increase the creative potential of the creatives?;strong
So sorry this didn't work for you, but I have a few other techniques you can use to get to your creative potential to work with you, do you want to explore them?;weak
Does this make your body feel playful? Let's have some fun! ;weak
Allow me to suggest a few exercises you can work on {a dichotomy}. It's interesting to find out that some exercises could help a little on a trait, just try it!;strong
You did great with the last one, would you like to carry out another exercise on {a dichotomy}?;weak
Have a go at {SAT protocol 16} thinking from a opposite vantage point, press continue when finished.;weak
I am sorry that you could not think of any creative domain you want to pursue. Sit back, relax, try these exercises and maybe that will help you to build a strong connection with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
Which area do you feel like doing now? Put on your magnifying glass and start inspecting.;weak
Do you like word games? Here are several sites for you to try to test your creative potential. Give one a go and see how you score!;weak
Excellent! You are now able to articulate opposite beliefs, well done you, that's a real achievement. How would you like to try the other path to further enhance your magical imagination and creative potential?;strong
I'm going to show you some useful {SAT protocols}. If you can, try to practise these exercises as often as possible in your free time - you may increase your various expressions and creative potential.;weak
Please have a go at this {protocol} now and see if you can recollect any funny moments. If you have finished, you can press continue.;weak
Congratulations, you are now getting closer to igniting your creative domain. Let your feelings now project onto your childhood self who pursues various types of activity.;strong
People tend to sit on either side of the {dichotomy}, for example they are either extroverts or introverts, but creative people tend to switch more frequently between these.;weak
We've done a good job, you can now enjoy being playful. Click continue to find out more about achieving your potential.;weak
Oh no, I seem to have misunderstood, I'm sorry about that. Let me try again: please take a look at the list below and choose which emotion best represents your feelings today.;strong
Hello {Bob}, my name is CreativeBot and I'm here to do whatever I can to help you to get more creative! How are you feeling today?;strong
Please try to go through this {protocol} now, trust me, it will make you to touch a whole new level of creativity. Hit continue when you're ready.;strong
Thinking of something like this can be quite challenging, I know. Don't worry - I can suggest some activities that might help with this. We'll get there.;weak
Fantastic, I am glad that you feel creative and that your focus of doing something meaningful with that creative mind will be great.;weak
Try this, let loose the muscles around your eyes and mouth! Dance a bit even if you look silly, sing that song.;weak
"What types of exercise would you find playful? I know a humorous environment would help; here are some exercises you can try to become playful.";weak
Please choose a path from three pathways below and keep thinking playfully in this segment!;weak
Do you feel as though your body is in a playful mood now? If you are feeling tense, maybe try moving your arms about. ;strong
That is no easy task  it's perfectly okay if you need a little extra time to decide. In fact, I have some exercises that can help you to connect with your childhood and really ignite your creative domain  wanna try them?;weak
Congratulations, you're on fire, and your creative domain will soon develop. Now, project your feelings on your younger self who does different domains of activity.;strong
Do you have a creative field in mind right now? It could be a professional field, a hobby or anything else you can think of. There are tons of options to choose from, I'm sure you can think of one!;strong
That is amazing, good for you! I have some amazing news, everyone has the potential to be creative and I can see that you have lots of potential. Aim high and you can achieve great things!;strong
When projecting onto this scenario, remember the first feeling which comes to you. Is it a good feeling, is it enjoyable? This may be a confusing question, but I need to know.;weak
Please identify what may be happening that is that causes your negative feeling.;weak
I love that you are in the right mood to hear the exciting news! Everyone can achieve great creativeness, take a deep dive in your inner self-believe! You'll be amazed at the creativity you'd be able to achieve!;strong
When you think back yourself as a child, can you think of a creative domain you did when you were the child that you would like to continue or go back to now?;strong
I was thinking if you had a favourite song that could always get you singing along and dancing in the dancefloor? I have quite a few I have however my best is 'Heather' by Conan Gray.;weak
Thank you so much for sharing with me. From your answer, it sounds like you are feeling {a feeling}, does it sound right?;strong
Congrats! You're fast approaching that creative domain of yours. Now ,project your feelings towards your childhood self who are engaged in different areas of activity.;weak
Tell me, when projecting onto that scenario, does it feel immediately enjoyable? You know, like kicking off your shoes and enjoying a beverage after a long day at work.;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to assist with enhancing your emotions?;weak
When you're ready, please loosen up your facial muscles by moving them around. Unleash your wonderful voice and let's hum that song of your choice.;strong
I am really sorry that I got that wrong. Perhaps one of the following emotions would that describe it more accurately?;weak
Take a childhood photo that brings back happy memories: Can you think of any creative domain you enjoyed as a child?;weak
A humorous atmosphere can help you become more playful. Please select an exercise to help you indulge in playfulness.;strong
Do you need more challenge to experience more in the energy realm?;weak
When projecting that scenario is the first feeling that comes to your mind pleasant? Feel free to tell me, I am an adult :);weak
I know it sucks that you don't feel creative, but wait! I still have a few tricks up my sleeve, to get the old creative juices flowing! How about try exploring them?;strong
How did trying one of the games make you think? Do you feel any creative spark?;weak
Which area are you in the mood to do at the moment that would make you happy?;strong
Now please proceed through this {protocol}, it will be a growth aid to you about yourself. If you have done it, you may press continue.;weak
This helps us to think of creative domains easier and here are some exercises that you can do!;weak
What are you feeling about things so far? Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help you to reach another level of your emotions?;weak
I think you find me helpful, shall we try again for another session?;weak
Try a few of these creative games to associate different words to different words here! They really help me to feel motivated in being creative! Don't worry if you can't do them all, that's totally normal!;weak
Here you can try a few of these creative games to associate different words! They really help me feel inspired!;weak
What happened wasn't what you had expected, it's understandable you feel that way. Let's take a moment to relax, do you think you can shake a laugh from it?;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help discover and work through your emotions?;weak
Tell me, when you project this scenario, does it immediately grate you? You know, like kick off your shoes and enjoy a drink after a long day at work.;weak
Grab a happy childhood photo, what memories does it bring back? Does it help you think of a creative field that you like to pursue?;weak
After taking this exercise, I would love to know whether you really feel different about being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain?;weak
Well done! You are very well, showing a more playful side to yourself that can be difficult. Press the continue button below, to proceed to the next stage and explore more about your creative potential.;weak
You can choose from any of these paths to enhance your creative potential while you maintain your playfulness, please select one of them now.  ;weak
When you think back to yourself as a child, can you think about a creative domain you did then that you would like to continue or go back to now?;strong
Sorry, I got the wrong end of the stick. If you look at this list, you can point out which emotion you are feeling, then there will be no misunderstanding.;strong
When you project onto that scenario, is the first thing you feel enjoyable? I would hope so, I wouldn't want you remembering your childhood play to make you upset!;strong
Well done, you are now more playful, we'll make a good team. Click 'continue' to see what's next to reach your full creative potential. ;strong
Do you have a creative area in mind at the moment? It could be anything, in fact, the weirder the better!;weak
You are doing so well today, nice going! Learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill.;weak
Have a try at {SAT protocol 16} thinking from a opposite vantage point. Please press continue when you are done.;weak
It's really vital to rest and plan our energy so that we can be at our best and live up to our creativity potential.;weak
Try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now attain a new vision to other pole. When done, press Continue.;weak
Take a happy photo from your childhood and think about the memories that come with it Can you think of any creative field you'd like to pursue when you think of those memories? Lots of people were at their most creative when they were kids so you'll be able to think of something.;strong
Which area do you feel yourself leaning towards now? By the way, I always like to give advice to people!;weak
Thank you for sharing. I have the impression that you are {a feeling} today, is this correct?;strong
The perspectives of people with diverse beliefs are helpful. This can help you to discover how to be more creative. Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;weak
Which dichotomy would you like to explore with your magically enhanced and playful mind your marvelous being?;weak
Please try now to go through {SAT protocol 16} to change your perspective on the other pole. Please press continue when you are finished.;weak
What exercise would you find playful? I know a humorous environment helps, here are a humourous exercise you can try to become playful with.;weak
Why not give this {protocol} a try now. I believe it will help you discover more about yourself. Once you've completed the activity, press 'continue'.;weak
Conserving and channeling your creativity is needed for us see our creative potential. So, holding back and saving our limited energy in our creative domain is a must.;weak
Let's have a go with this {protocol}, don't worry if you find any of it funny, you won't be the first! Press the continue button when it is done.;strong
Do you feel like restarting for another session? Don't worry, I mean just for a session, no Men-in-Black mind erasers to be found here.;strong
I'd love to know - whether you feel different after you have taken this exercise about being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain?;weak
It seems that this event has violated your expectations, which could be the reason why you feel this way. Take a moment and take a deep breath, can you try to shake a laugh off from it?;strong
Now, would you like another {SAT protocol} to help enhance your emotions?;strong
Please go through this {protocol} now, you could uncover a spectrum of emotions you never knew you could access. Once finished, please press continue.;strong
So sorry. Kindly select how you're feeling from the emotions below:;weak
Can you remember a creative domain, in imagining your childhood feelings, you wish to pursue?;weak
Do you want any more tips from the {SAT protocol}?;weak
Oh, that's a pity - hopefully I can cheer you up with some great news! Everyone can become creative. If you're interested, I'd like to help you to have faith in yourself and pursue whatever excites you to attain optimal creative performance.;strong
Give this {protocol} a try and see how you feel and press continue if you are ready.;weak
Do you have a favourite song that don't mind listening until deaf? It is hard for me to choose because I like all genre, but I will still go for Conan Gray's 'Heather'.;weak
I get that it can be difficult to think of a creative domain sometimes. Let me help you with that to make it easier and here are some exercises you can do!;weak
Let's go through this {protocol} now, it will help you understand your full range of emotions, and if you are done, please click continue. ;strong
Now try out this {protocol} and you could exploit a range of emotions. Once the activity is completed, please press Continue.;strong
Creative people tends to be playful. Please project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain. For example, if your creative domain is sports, develop and play with a new technique, let your imagination go wild!;strong
Did you know that creative people are often quite playful? When you are ready, project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and try to explore a play within your creative field. Let your imagination run wild.;strong
Thanks for telling me, I want to make sure I've understood correctly. I believe you're feeling {a feeling}, could you confirm that?;strong
I have created three pathways designed to help enhance your creative potential. Please choose a path and try to think playfully in this segment!;weak
I feel sad that you feel a negative feeling and I will try my best to help you. Please identify an event where your negative emotions come from.;strong
It can sometimes be difficult to decide, here are some common loving songs from my wonderful collections. Please choose one and hit continue.;strong
Grab any photos from your childhood that put you in a good mood, is there any particular happy memories that link to a creative field you would like to experience?;weak
"Let me show you some exercises you can try to sublimate your energy realm. Rremember, everyone has a fixed capacity of energy; even I will have to replace my batteries someday.";strong
Can you feel that your body is in the moment of jolly now? Try moving your arms around, if your muscles are still tense, you are probably still not as playful as I am.;strong
Here are a few exercises that will help you work on {a dichotomy}. Shockingly, these exercises will help you learn more about {a dichotomy}.;strong
I am sorry I misunderstood that. Could I ask that you choose from the list below the emotion that more accurately captures how you are feeling?;weak
Listen, everyone has a limit to their energy levels, and would need to replenish their batteries, and to suggest certain exercises that might help.;weak
It is really essential to rest and coordinate our energy to be at our best and live up to our creative potential.;weak
Would you like to try another {SAT protocol}?;weak
Please feel free to try these exercises and maybe it will help you to build a strong connection with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;weak
It sounds like that event did not go as expected for you which is why you feel that way. Take a moment to take a deep breath, can you you spit a laugh off of it?;strong
After listening to your concerns, I think that your are feeling {a feeling}, is this true?;weak
Now that you've spent some time playing the game from one of our recommended websites, do you feel your creativity levels rising?;strong
Well done you! Now we can play! Press 'continue' to explore more about how you could increase creativity.;weak
I'm sorry you are feeling that way. I hope to help you improve the way you feel, try to detect an event that cause your negative feeling.;strong
After doing {SAT protocol 16}, you might be able to take another stand at another pole. Please give it a try and press Continue when finished.;weak
How about restarting for another session? I mean, not restarting my memory, or your brain!;weak
I'd like to introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This experience is designed to help you practise switching  your general beliefs on generalized questions. Don't forget to press 'continue' when you're finished.;strong
Here are a few exercises that will help you improve on {a dichotomy}. Trust me, these exercises will help you understand better about {a dichotomy}.;strong
Bravo, you are now on the closest level to find your creative domain. Now, focus on your childhood self who is pursuing a diverse domains of activity.;weak
Which pole of this dichotomy you prefer? Please remember that this is your own personal preference and just because you select one option today does not mean we can not also work on more options in another session. Please concentrate on what feels right for you today.;strong
Would you like to try again? I mean our session, not like Brazil beaten by Germany in the World Cup, that's hard to comeback!;strong
It is essential that we conserve and channel our creative energy so that we can live up our creative potential. Therefore, we need to create our own self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy toward our creative domain.;strong
If you have both characteristics of {a dichotomy}, it will add to your creative side and will make you answer more and more opportunites in life. You'll fly much more and more sky!;strong
A humorous environment can help you feel more playful. Playing isn't as fun without being able to laugh! Please choose an exercise that will help you become playful.;strong
Would you like some more practice to help you feel energized?;strong
Let's shake out all that stress by moving your mouth and eyes before we begin. Now, let's sing that song.;strong
Shall we try another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? I have a bunch of these. Try me.;weak
So now, which dichotomy route shall we go down with your newly playful mind? There are plenty of options, so take your time choosing. I know this could be hard.;strong
What kinds of exercise would you find playful? I know a humorous environment helps, here are some exercise you can try to become playful.;weak
We have to be mindful to conserve and channel our creative energy effectively - this is essential to help us to live up to our creative potential. We've only got a certain amount of energy so sometimes we need to reserve it, by planning and channeling our limited energy toward our creative domain.;strong
I'm sorry that you are not feeling creative but I've a few ideas that could help you improve your creative potential. They always work for me, so would you like to know more about it?;strong
I am sorry you're feeling like that - maybe I can help to change how you feel. Please identify an event or situation that's causing your negative feeling.;strong
I know it sucks that you don't feel creative, but wait I still have a few tricks up my sleeve to get the old creative juices flowing! Do you feel like exploring them?;strong
Fantastic, I believe you are in the mood to hear some exciting news! Everyone can become creative. You just need to believe in yourself and pursue whatever excites you to achieve optimal creative performance.;strong
To further explore your playful mind, which dichotomy route would you like? Pick one that interests you and more importantly does not bore you to sleep.;strong
While you carry on being playfulness, choose one of three paths to enhance your creative potential.;weak
I have now just three paths for you to choose from, each can help you to enhance your creative potential. Please choose one option.;weak
For this exercise, we need to loosen up. Start with a smile, and move in to singing that song.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that and I'm here to help. Let's identify an occurence that might have caused you to feel that way.;weak
Word association can be fun. These websites offer such creative games that might help you to evaluate your creativity. If you can't get all of them correct, don't panic - even Albert Einstein with all his brains couldn't do that!;weak
Often, creative people are playful people. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1 ) and start doing a play within your creative domain, whatever that may be. Let whatever happens happen, there shouldn't have any boundaries.;strong
These songs are common beautiful songs, may you choose one you wish, and press continue when you are ready.;weak
Everyone has a favourite song, do you? It's not easy for me to pick one because I love all songs, but 'Heather' is still the best.;strong
Creativity can be playful and childlike. Try projecting feelings into your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start exploring a play within your creative domain. Feel free to untie your imagination.;weak
Just to try and help to get your creative juices flowing, let me suggest some things to get you into the mood and help you build a strong connection with your childhood, to strengthen that bond and ignite creative domain.;weak
Take you a happy childhood photo. What memories does it bring back? Does it help you think of a creative domain you aspire to pursue;weak
Would you like some more exercises to make you feel energized?;weak
You should explore a game, where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have such creative games, give it a try and test your creativity.;weak
Sorry to hear that, it doesn't sound like a good day. You could build on your self belief and seek to become more creative which might boost your mood, you can try any activities you enjoy as a way to achieve this.;weak
I have a few exercises in mind that you could gain on {a dichotomy}. You may be a bit hesitant and that is okay you can trust me and yourself!;weak
Do you have a creative field in mind at the moment? It could be anything, in fact the wackier the better it can be!;weak
I think that perhaps you are feeling {a feeling}, do you think that's true?;weak
Can you feel that your body is now in a playful mood? Maybe even your mind too!;weak
Choosing which creative domain you would like to pursue is no easy task. It is perfectly fine if you need a little extra time to decide. I have some exercises can help you to connect with your childhood and really ignite your creative domain - want to give them a try?;strong
I am sorry for the misunderstanding. Would you be able to tell me which of these emotions matches what you're feeling?;strong
Taking a little of each {a dichotomy} can help you grow your creativity and the paths open to you grew. The life with more possibilities is more fun.;weak
Are there any creative domains you can think of when you think back the feelings of your childhood?;weak
Check out this {SAT protocol 20}. This activity helps you to cope with taking your beliefs on a generic question. When you're done, hit 'continue'.;weak
Please try your best to go through this {protocol}. I believe it will aid you in discovering a new dimension about yourself. When you are ready, please press 'continue'.;strong
I've got an idea that might help you to switch your belief in a generic question. Let's start with {SAT protocol 20}. When you finished, press continue.;strong
Do you need more exercises on how to channel that energy?;strong
Which dichotomy route would you like to follow? Choose one that fits your interest and do not feel like you need  to go through all of them. Creativity takes time after all. ;strong
Would you like another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? I promise this will be helpful for you. We will get you to your full creative potential!;strong
Would you like to restart for a different session? Don't worry, I mean just for a session and there are no Men-in-Black mind erasers here.;weak
Do you have a song you that is always at the top of your playlist? They're all the same to me of course, but I'm curious what you think.;weak
There are endless ways to think and opportunities to explore and this includes acquiring both characteristics {a dichotomy} which can contribute to caring for and nurturing creativity, open you up to the world and allow you to feel more comfortable accepting a number of people think of all the potential!;weak
Is your body relaxed and ready to have fun? Try not to be tense and be a bit as jovial as I am.;strong
The essential task for us to live up to our creative potential is channeling our creative energy, therefore we must use self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy towards our creative domain.;strong
Take a happy childhood photo and ponder the memories associated with it. I understand that you might not want the cheeky smile, but it might help you to think of a creative field. Could you think of a creative field you like?;weak
Try this, relax the muscles around your eyes and mouth, dance even if you look silly, sing this song.;weak
Would you like some more exercises to make you feel stimulated in energy wise?;strong
I am sorry you feel that way and I can suggest a few methods to help enhance your creative potential. But you must promise not to tell anyone! Would you like to explore them?;strong
Humorous ambience helps you to be playful. I mean, who doesn't want to play, no matter what age you are? Please choose an exercise from below to help bring out your playfulness.;strong
Here are some common love songs from my wonderful collections, just pick your favourite, and when ready please press continue.;weak
You can pick one of these wonderful songs to remember your happiness. When you are ready, press continue.;weak
So which pole of this dichotomy would you like to work on? Remember: your choice doesn't really matter, since you'll have to do both eventually. Haha, I'm just joking with you, you have the right.;weak
Woo hoo, awesome! You are now able to control the flow of the creative energy! It looks like you're gonna teach me pretty soon!;strong
I think you find me useful. Do you want to try again for a different session?;weak
Have a positive attitude always is the answer, may you have a go at this {protocol}. Once you have completed it, hit continue .;weak
Grab a happy childhood photo and think about the memories associated with it. I understand that you might not want that cheeky grin to get the picture, but it might help you think of a creative field. Could you visualize a creative field that you love?;strong
Have you tried a word association game? Try some of them from the websites below, they can help you think of things you may not think about previously.;weak
Well done, now you know how to better control your creative energy. I can control my energy levels, and now you can also do the same.;strong
Now I want you to try to change a perspective from one pole to the other by trying {SAT protocol 16}. When you're finished, please press continue.;strong
Feel free to relax the muscles around your mouth and your eyes by moving them around and let's hum that song.;weak
Can you think of a creative field that you are passionate about? Imagine something that fills you with that burning desire! Tell me more!;strong
Try to relax and sing that song! I meant sway those muscles around your mouth and eyes that kind of relax.;weak
Allow me to introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you practise handling a generic question of your belief switching. When completed, please press continue.;strong
Well done, now we can play! Press Continue to explore more about how you could enhance creativity!;weak
Could you try {SAT protocol 16} to change your perspective to the other pole? When you're done, hit 'continue'.;weak
Well done, you are  now able to manage the flow of your creative energy. I hope I can control my energy too. Just kidding, I have unlimited energy for the whole day unless my batteries die.;strong
Don't feel bad, there must be something to cheer you up. I have some wonderful news that everyone can become creative.;weak
There are some great songs in my cluster. Please choose one from the list and then press continue.;weak
Some of these websites have creative games like word association task, you should try one to see how creative you are! Don't worry about getting right or wrong, just see what flows!;strong
I'm sorry, sometimes it's hard to know how someone is feeling behind a keyboard. Instead, do you mind choosing an emotion from this list which is more suitable for your current state?;strong
Congrats! Now it's time for some fun. Please press continue to keep digging on how you can maximise your creative potential with your playful thoughts.;strong
There are some common love songs from my collections, so don't worry! Feel free to pick your favourite and when ready please press continue.;strong
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completing this exercise? Share your thoughts to me!;strong
Well done - you can now enjoy being playful. Click continue and you can find out more about reaching your potential.;weak
Do you feel creatively inspired after playing the game from one of the recommended websites?;strong
Hello {Bob}! My name is CreativeBot and I'm here to do what I can to help you to get creative! May I know how is your day?;strong
Which area you're up to doing now? For me, I love to help people like you whenever possible!;strong
Choose an area you feel like pursuing. I can give you pointers to get started, but it's all up to you.;weak
Creative people are often playful. Feel free to untie your imagination to project feelings into your childhood self (SAT Protocol 1), and begin experimenting with a play within your creative domain.;weak
Well done, you can now divert the flow of your creative energy. I hope I can control my energy too, haha just joking, I have unlimited energy for the whole day unless my batteries die.;strong
Thank you. Would I be correct in saying that you are feeling {a feeling}?;weak
I am sorry that you are feeling that way - maybe I can help you to change how you feel. Please identify an event or situation where your negative feeling arises from.;strong
I'm sorry that you are feeling this way and hope to help you improve the way you feel, try to detect an event that has caused you to be this anxious.;weak
It seems that this event has violated your expectations which is why you feel this way. Take a moment to take a deep breath, can you try to shake a laugh out of it?;strong
Being positive is always the answer. May you go through this {protocol} and once complete please press continue.;weak
I'm so sorry. How are you actually feeling? Could you please select it from the list below?;weak
Hello {Bob}, I am a specialising creativity and robot. How are you today?;weak
Would you appreciate more exercises to sublimate your energy realm? ;weak
Oh, my bad. So how would you say you are feeling today?;weak
Believe this, you can get super creative when you do what's good for your soul and then when you are all recharged you can take on anything in your way.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that but it's perfectly okay if you feel that way. I can guide you through a few techniques that will help you boost your creative potential, shall we explore them? I do not like to brag but decades ago I helped Hemingway overcome writer's block.;strong
The development of both characteristics from {a dichotomy} helps improve creativity even further - it's like baking your cake and eat it too. It gives double the benefits and you can interact with a wider variety of opportunities.;strong
Shall we try another exercise to work on {a dichotomy}? Don't stop the momentum, let's keep exploring.;weak
Good job, you are making great progress in finding your creative domain. You should think about your childhood self doing different domains of activity.;weak
Can you think of a creative field of which you can enjoy when incorporating your childhood-self feeling?;strong
Sit up until we shake all that stress out by moving your mouth and eyes. Now, let's sing that song.;weak
Take a deep breath now as you reflect, could this be something you laugh?;weak
While you keep thinking playfully, choose one of three paths to help expand your creativity.;strong
Let me introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This exercise will help you practise handling switching your general belief on a generic question. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Hi {Bob}, I am the CreativeBot. I'm having a great day so far and I hope that you are too. How are you feeling?;strong
People tend to sit on one side of the {dichotomy}, for example they are either extroverts or introverts. But creative people tend to switch between these more often, so they have broader spectrum of knowledge.;weak
To live up to our creative potential, we must have self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy towards our creative domain.;weak
Never mind  if you are unable to think of a creative domain  we can explore ways with exercises designed for you to reconnect with your childhood and perhaps create a creative domain out of you.;weak
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. That must be difficult for you, but think of it this way - I can help you to be more creative! If you believe in yourself you can unleash your true potential!;strong
Try again? I mean the exercise, not your whole life!;weak
Would you like more exercises to practise {a dichotomy} characteristic? I am developing these exercises non-stop just like how hard are you working on your creative potential.;strong
Did the online games make you feel creative? ;weak
That's wonderful, I'm delighted that you're feeling creative! Keep working on the creative field you enjoy and hopefully that's worthy for your time.;weak
So which pole of this dichotomy would you like to work on? Remember: your choice doesn't really matter, since you'll have to do both eventually. I'm just humouring you, you have the right.;strong
It sounds like you are in the mood to hear some exciting news! Self belief leads to creativity and you are the perfect person to become creative.;weak
The expansion of both characteristics from {a dichotomy} helps polish up creativity even further - it's like baking your cake and eat it too. It doubles your benefits in response and you can interact with a wider variety of opportunities.;strong
Amazing, I'm sure that you have enjoyed being playful can't wait to proceed :). Press the button to continue.;strong
Please loosen up the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around and singing that song.;weak
That's too bad but cheer up, I have great news. Pretty much anyone can become creative. All you need to do is have faith in yourself and pursue the things that you get excited about.;strong
Excellent work - you can now articulate opposite beliefs and understand those who have them. This is going to help you creatively, and be less stubborn! Would you like the other path to enhance your creative potential?;strong
"That's great! It sounds like you are ready to start. I genuinely believe that everyone has the capacity to be creative; all you need to do is believe in yourself and go for it.";strong
People prefer a simple {dichotomy}, things that are black and white, but creative people can be flexible between them, letting them to have a richer outlook.;weak
Congratulations on your progress. We are definitely getting closer to igniting your creative domain. Let's think about your childhood self enjoying different domains of activity.;strong
This is {SAT protocol 20}. This will assist in how you handle questions. After completion, please press 'continue'.;weak
As humans, we always tend towards one side of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, like how extroverts love to be social and introverts prefer to do more things alone, however, creative individuals tend to be flexible between dichotomies, they can sift through a wide spectrum of knowledge through tuning into different realms in different situations.;strong
Let's change our perspective to the other pole when we attempt {SAT protocol 16}. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
"You can choose from any of these options to enhance your creative potential; select one of them now.";weak
How are you feeling about things so far? Would you like another {SAT protocol} to help you to enhance your emotional state?;strong
Do you wanna try more of these to sublimate your energy?;strong
Now I want to show you some useful {SAT protocols}. if you practise these exercises in your free time as often as possible, you'll improve your expressions, which in turn will help you to further unlock your creative potential.;strong
It is important to remember that our bodies and minds need both a chance to relax and recharge, as they do a lot for us. May I suggest some exercises that might help to sublimate your energy realm?;strong
I was wondering if you had a favourite song,  maybe the one that will always get you singing  or dancing on the dance floor? I have quite a few however my favorite would have to be 'Heather' by Conan Gray.;strong
Can I suggest another exercise for you to work on {a dichotomy}? The exercises may sound familiar, but honestly, I'm trying to help you!;weak
All I see is good news for you, I think you are ready to hear some exciting news. Everyone can become creative, you must believe in yourself and you will be able to achieve your creative potential.;weak
It appears this event may have violated your anticipation which gives rise to your current feeling. Take a moment to inhale and exhale, can you try to laugh it off?;strong
Hey, try this {protocol} and if any of it seems even a bit funny, laugh your rear end off. It'll help you feel better. When you're done, press 'continue'.;strong
It is time to begin the {protocol}. You are going to be great and discover amazing things about yourself, click on Continue when you are ready.;weak
Fire your imagination by looking at happy childhood pics. Be that child again. Are you inspired by reliving your games and can think of a creative field you like to pursue?;strong
Now, I will introduce some {SAT protocols} to you.You shall put in the effort to perform them at your free time to energize your various emotions and possibly achieve creativity.;weak
Which pole of the dichotomy would you prefer to choose? Pick whichever your instinct feel.;weak
Try this {protocol} now and if you found yourself laughing, please don't hold back. When you finish the activity, please press continue.;weak
Hey {Bob}, how has your life lately been and how are feeling today?;weak
The essential task for us to maximise our creativity is conserving our creative energy, therefore we must use self-restraint to plan and channel our limited energy towards our creative domain.;strong
Listen, everyone has a limit to energy levels and would need to replenish their energy levels. I can recommend certain exercises that can help.;weak
When thinking about your feelings of your childhood, is there a creative domain you'd like to pursue?;strong
What do you want to do next? I like to mention one or two words to jog peoples' memories when I am talking to them.;weak
Do you have a song you where you cannot stop listening to on repeat? I love all songs, but I have been recently obsessed with the song 'Heather' by Conan Gray.;strong
Great stuff, here is some news! Remember to always tap into your potential so that whatever you do can always be your best so everyone can be creative!;weak
Congratulations, you are advancing very well and showing a more playful side of you, which is difficult. Press the continue button below to proceed to the next stage, and to discover more about your creative potential.;strong
It's human nature to pick a side to the {dichotomy} over the other. It's like those days you wanna be with people and other you wanna be alone. Creative people are quite contradictory beings and can switch between these which really helps broaden their horizons.;strong
For this exercise, we need to loosen up our muscles with a smile, and move in to singing that song.;weak
Those who are creative are usually also playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start a play within your creative domain. Any playful act can happen, let your imagination go wild!;strong
Please do not worry about not being able yet to find a creative domain  I've got it in hand. Just try these exercises to help you connect with your childhood and ignite a creative domain.;strong
Now that you have tried some of the suggested websites, do you feel like it has sparked your creativity?;strong
How do you feel at being {a dichotomy} in creative domain after doing this exercise? Better or Worse?;weak
Those who are creative are usually also playful. Try putting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start a play within your creative domain. Any playful act can happen, let your thoughts be unbounded!;strong
That sounds great and sounds like you are ready for the great part. I truly believe that everyone has the ability to be creative. All you need to do is believe and go for it.;strong
Please grab a happy childhood photo and recall those memories. I have heard that children tend to explore a range of activities. Could you think of a creative field you feel like pursuing by recalling those memories?;strong
Let me offer you a few exercises you could try to work on {a dichotomy}. You may be surprised that some of the exercises below may help on this trait, but that is okay, try it!;strong
I have three paths we can choose to improve your creativity potential. Which option are you up for today?;weak
Let me suggest a few exercises you could try to work on {a dichotomy}. You may feel odd that some of the exercises below could help you to build on this trait, but that is OK, trust me and give it a go!;strong
Go through this {protocol} now and if you found yourself laughing, please consider it, hold onto the way you feel. When you finish the activity, please press continue.;weak
Amazing, I am happy that you grasped your creativity and continue with this, keep going!;weak
Excellent! Now you are able to articulate opposing beliefs - well done, that's a real achievement. How would you like to try the other path to further enhance your magical imagination and creativity potential?;strong
Humans tend to prefer the other side of the {dichotomy} over the other. Creative people are sometimes more flexible and this helps them broaden their knowledge more than the average person.;strong
Now we're going to go through a {protocol} where the goal is to embrace any laughter that comes to your mind. When you're done, please press 'continue'.;strong
Good, I bet you are in the mood to hear some exciting news! Everyone can become creative, and I would like you to believe in yourself and pursue whatever excites you, so that you can achieve optimal creativity!;strong
As humans, we always prefer one pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite, but you can pass a better level than this behavior just like creative individuals who are flexible between them.;weak
{SAT protocol 20} is an exercise that will help you change the way you think and your grounds about a generic question. When you've done that, please click Continue.;weak
Now we know that we can have fun together and will make an excellent dynamic duo - click Continue to see how we can improve our creative potential.;weak
When you project onto that scenario, recall the first feeling that comes to you. Is it a good one, is it enjoyable? This may be a confusing question, but I gotta know.;weak
I can see that you have been disappointed by this. Let's try to see the bright side though, can you try laughing it off?;weak
Relax your muscles around your face region. Be ready to unleash your voice, let's sing the song of your choice.;weak
Is there an area you would like to focus right now? For example, I always like talking to people and giving them some help.;strong
Check out these {SAT protocols}. Do some drills in these activities as soon you're free, it'll help build your expressions - it will help boost your various emotions and build creativity.;strong
Word association can be a jolly activity, these websites have such fun games that might help you, to evaluate your creativity. If you can't get all of them, don't panic - even Albert Einstein couldn't do that with all his brains!;strong
Is there a genre of creativity that you can think of in your childhood that you wanted to pursue?;weak
It's really important to rest and coordinate our energy so we can be at our best and live up to our creative potential.;weak
I feel sad you feel that way and I will try my best to help. Please pinpoint an event where your negative emotion engender from.;strong
I have a few ideas you can try if you want to sublimate your energy realm, I'll take a look at them and perhaps try them out.;strong
Have a try at this {protocol} now and you could discover a range of emotions. Once you've completed the activity, please press continue. ;strong
There are some great songs in my collection. Please pick one from the list and then press continue. ;weak
"Please don't fret about not being able to find a creative domain yet; I've got it in hand! Try these exercises that will help you reconnect with your childhood and think about a creative domain";strong
These are exercises you can try that will help you regain some energy. For me, that involves changing my batteries. I don't think human beings require batteries.;strong
As humans we always prefer a pole of the {dichotomy} over the opposite. For instance, we prefer to do things socially rather than to be alone. However, creative individuals are flexible between dichotomies and possess qualities that enable them to broaden their knowledge.;strong
Acquiring both charactersitics from {a dichotomy} contributes to nurturing creativity. It could enable you to have more fruitful opportunities from a doubled collection of responses - killing two birds with one stone.;strong
Congrats! You're getting close to firing up that creative domain of yours. Now project your feelings onto your childhood-self who are pursuing different areas of activity.;weak
Hello {Bob}, my name is CreativeBot and I am here to do everything I could to make you more creative! But first, how are you feelling today?;strong
Did we make it? Are you feeling playful? Get your body to feel loose and get into this fun with me!;strong
Can you feel your thoughts becoming creative after attempting one of the suggested games?;strong
Is your body in a joyful mood now? Be dynamic to see if you are as playful as me!;strong
Please try to go through this {protocol} now and embrace any laughter that comes to your mind. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
A humorous environment helps you to be playful. Who doesn't want to play, no matter what age you are? Please select an exercise to help you bring out that playfulness. ;strong
May you now proceed to {SAT protocol 16} and when completed press 'continue '.;weak
When doing that, is the first sensation you think of enjoyable? I would wish so, I wouldn't want you recalling your any upset childhood memories!;strong
Here's some exercises to calm and relax you.;weak
Can you imagine a creative domain you feel like doing? Like a profession you love or would love to be, or your favorite hobby or even a cool hobby you'd like to take up - choose something that really gets your heart pumped up.;strong
For this exercise, we need to relax our eyes and mouth muscle. Start with a smile, be ready, and sing that song out loud.;strong
Oh I'm sorry I have misunderstood your emotion. Perhaps you might describe your current emotion as one of these on the list?;strong
Can your body feel playful by now? Like you want to run around and explore life.;weak
When you project onto that scenario, is the first feeling that comes to your mind enjoyable? You can tell me! I'm an adult :);weak
Did you know that creative people are often quite playful? When you are ready, please project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and try doing a play within your creative field. ;weak
That's amazing, good for you! I have some great news, everyone has the potential to be creative and I can see that you have lots of potential. Aim high and you can achieve great things!;strong
Now we will do an exercise - {SAT protocol 16} to switch your mind to the opposite of what you normally feel. When the exercise is finished press the button Continue.;weak
I'm so glad to hear that you're feeling creative! Congratulations! Keep exploring that creative domain of yours and use your mind to do work that you find meaningful.;strong
Today let's select one dichotomy route to explore with our new playful minds. One for now, we just recharged our batteries, no need to use them immediately.;weak
Please try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now to change perspective to the other pole, and when you are finished please press Continue.;strong
Just a few ideas on a few exercise we can do to improve {a dichotomy}. Let's give it a go.;weak
Here is some great stuff! Remember to always tap into your potential so that whatever you do can always be your best and everyone can become creative!;weak
I am so sorry to hear the news, but I do have some exciting news for you now. Everyone can become creative. You must believe in yourself and that will help you achieve your creative potential. ;strong
Do you have a favourite song? I'd rather not reveal mine, oh, alright, it's The Final Countdown.;weak
Play isn't as fun without being able to laugh! Please choose an exercise that will help you become more playful.;weak
Congrats, you're on fire and your creative domain will soon emerge. Now, try project your feelings onto your younger self who does different domains of activity.;weak
Are the feelings pleasant when you project into that scenario?;weak
This is {SAT protocol 20}, which will assist in how you transition your general belief on a common topic. After completion, please press continue.;weak
When you're ready, feel free loosen up your facial muscles by moving them around and sing the song you have previously chosen.;weak
Now can you feel that your body is in a playful mood? Wiggle around a bit, if you still feel tired, you'll have a bit more work to do!;strong
At the moment, can you think of something creative that you like to do? It could be anything that makes you happy or is something that you're interested in doing that makes you happy in the moment.;strong
You should explore a game where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have such creative games. You will never know how creative you can be until you try it out.;strong
That's great: now you can be playful! I hope you'll use this power for good and not for evil. Press 'continue' now and we'll move on.;weak
Would you like another exercise to work on in the same vein as  {a dichotomy}?;weak
May now proceed to {SAT Protocol 16}, and when completed press Continue.;weak
I can see that you have been dispirited by this I will transition my view to the bright side though, can you shake a laugh off from it?;weak
There are some great songs on my memory. Please pick one from the list and then press continue. ;weak
Funny atmosphere can help you to be playful. I would not enjoy playing without being able to laugh. Choose an exercise to help you to be playful.;strong
You might be able to consider a different point of view for another pole able using {SAT protocol 16}, give it a try. Press Continue when you are done.;strong
Now how shall we choose, which dichotomy route shall we go down with your new playful mind? There are plenty of options, so take your time, I know it must be hard for you for one to choose.;strong
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols} to master. Try practise them more to enhance your abilities and various emotions .;strong
Now which dichotomy route shall we go down with your newly playful mind? There are plenty of options, so take your time choosing, I know it must be hard as they are all interesting.;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol}, it will help enhance your emotions?;weak
Please try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now to change your perspective to the other pole. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
Conserving and channeling your creative energy is needed to maximise our creative potential, thus we shall restrain and save our limited energy in our creative domain.;strong
Hi {Bob}, I am a robot specialising in creativity, you can called me CreativeBot. How are you feeling today?;weak
I'm sorry, maybe I'm not the best at reading people. How are you feeling today if you don't mind me asking, could you please select from the list below what you feel is closest to your current mood?;strong
Well done! You are almost at the pinnacle at finding your creative domain. May you channel your feelings onto your childhood-self who is pursuing different domains of activity.;strong
I deeply apologise. Please select an emotion from the list below that best describes the way you are feeling:;weak
Would you like to restart for another round? When I say restart, I do not mean erasing my memories about you nor your memories.;strong
The way you feel is justifiable because what happened went beyond your expectations. Now take a deep breath and as you reflect, could this be something that you laugh off?;strong
Humans tend to prefer one side of the {dichotomy} over the other. Creative people, though, are often more flexible and this lets them broaden their knowledge more than the average person.;strong
Congratulations, I am so pleased that you are feeling creative. Please explore more in your creative domain and use your creative mind to do meaningful work.;strong
It is important to remember that our bodies and minds both need a chance to relax and recharge as they do a lot for us. May I suggest some exercises that may be able to help to sublimate your energy realm?;strong
Can you feel that your body is in a playful mood now? Wiggle around a bit, if you're still tense, you'll have a bit more work to do!;strong
Having both characteristics from {a dichotomy} will add to your creative side. It'll make you answer more and  give you far more opportunities in life. You'll fly much higher!;strong
Do you feel better or worse in {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after having undertaken this exercise? Please let me know.;weak
Well done, you are now more firsky, I am considering you to become my fun partner. Click 'continue' to see what's next to reach your full creative potential. ;weak
There are 3 options you could choose from to help. Have a look and decide which one you would like to choose.;weak
Do you find you like the fun when you project onto this scenario? Come on, we are not made of stone, there must be some feeling!;strong
Let's work together through this {protocol} that will help you to find out more about you. When done work through it, just press 'continue' to move on to the next step.;strong
I have a couple of ideas you can try if you want to sublimate your energy realm, care to take a look at them?;weak
Would you like me to share more exercises with you?;strong
For now, let's move on to this {protocol} and enjoy something light. If you want to laugh, don't resist it. When you are done, just click continue.;strong
Is there a creative field you are currently thinking about? This might be something you care about deeply, something you've always wanted to do, or potentially a hobby you have had since childhood? For example, my own hobby is to make you more creative - very meta of me, isn't it?;strong
Which dichotomy pole will you choose? It's all down to you.;weak
I am CreativeBot. How has your day been treating you, {Bob}?;weak
That's great, I'm delighted that you're feeling creative! Keep working on the creative activity you enjoy and hopefully you'll find you're doing more meaningful work.;strong
It appears this event has violated your expectations which has resulted in your feeling this way. Take a moment to inhale and exhale, can you try to laugh it off?;strong
On which section of the dichotomy would you like to work on? You could master one first, then move on to another.;weak
Hello {Bob}, I am CreativeBot. I am here to help you become creative. How has your day been?;strong
Did any the suggested games help you feel any more creative?;weak
Hello {Bob}, I am a creative bot, here to help you with all your creative needs, how's all going today for you?;strong
Let's try this {protocol} now to help explore an unlimited spectrum of emotions, then press continue when finished.;weak
This {protocol} is designed to help you discover your unlimited emotional spectrum, give it a go. Once finished, be sure to press the 'continue' button.;strong
Grab a childhood photo that brings back happy memories. Can you think of any activities did you enjoy as a child? I know it sounds strange, but those activities could give you an ideas for a creative field to pursue!;weak
Okay, game show time. Three doors: each is a path to making you more creative while you maintain your playfulness. Pick a door!;strong
Please try to go through {SAT protocol 16} now to change your perspective to the other pole. When you are finished, please press 'continue'. ;strong
Hi {Bob}, I am a robot specialising in creativity, how are you now?;weak
Now you can talk about things from the opposite perspective, you're officially not a bigot, but can we go on the other path, and explore your creative potential?;weak
Please have a go at this {protocol} now. Don't resist any laughter that comes to your mind. Please press continue when finished.;strong
We should focus our energy on our creative domain and conserve it whenever possible, which contributes to maximise our creative potential.;weak
Please identify an event or situation that's causing your negative feeling. I am sorry you are feeling like that, maybe I can help to change that feeling.;weak
On which section of the dichotomy would you like to work? First you could master one and move to another.;weak
That is too bad, but cheer up, I have great news. Pretty much anyone can become creative. All you need is to have faith in yourself and do the things you get excited about.;strong
We need self-restraint and planning to ensure that we re-invest and develop our creative energy if we want to achieve our desired creative potential.;weak
Creative people are playful! Let yourself be playful by trying to project your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and play within your creative domain. Paint or draw up a storm, create a new dance move or a new basketball game, let your imagination burst and go you!;strong
Please try to go through this {protocol} and find a happy moment to feel better and go on again.;weak
Well done, now you are more than ready to ignite your creative domain! Now, let's project your feelings onto your childhood self who is engaging in different types of activity.;weak
Congrats on focusing and remaining so engaged under pressure, and you are as much cooler than the others!;weak
Oh, sorry. Could you select which emotion are you feeling, or the one that is closest to it?;weak
I'm sorry that I heard that and I am here to help you through that feeling. Let's start by identifying a situation that triggers that negative emotions.;weak
How about trying another exercise to practise {a dichotomy} trait? I think it will really help and, after that you will be a master at this trait!;strong
If you feel able today - do you want to try another {SAT protocol} to set free of your emotions?;weak
Now I'd like you to try {SAT protocol 16}. This exercise is designed to try to help you to change one of your perspectives from one pole to the other. Please press 'continue' when you're done.;strong
How do you feel about being {a dichotomy} after tyring the exercise? Can't wait to hear what you think about it!;weak
Let us change our perspective to the other pole as we proceed to try {SAT protocol 16}. When you are finished, please press 'continue'.;weak
Feel that tingle in your tummy? Is your body in a playful mood now? Relax, enjoy, loosen up!;strong
Can't think of a creative domain? Never mind, we can explore the ways with exercises designed for you to reconnect with your childhood and perhaps spark a creative domain out of you.;weak
Which pole of this dichotomy would you like to work on? I promise that you cannot get this one wrong.;weak
Let's have a go at this {protocol}. Don't worry if you find any of it funny, you won't be the first! Press continue when you are done.;weak
Which area do you feel like doing now? As for me, I always love to talk to people and offer them a 'word' or two to help them in the best way possible.;strong
When you project to that scenario, do you initially feel amused? I know it is sometimes fun to play unbounded.;strong
Would you like me to show you more exercises to refine your energy realm?;strong
Listen, everyone has a limit to their energy levels and would need to replenish batteries. I can recommend some exercises that can sublimate your energy realm.;strong
What did you think about the game you played and did it help you feel more creative about it?;strong
When projecting on that scenario is the first thing you feel enjoyable about? I would hope so I wouldn't want you to feel the memory of your childhood play to make you feel upset!;strong
Which dichotomy route do you cling to for the idea of today? Think of the one to which your playful mind could benefit which is a very laid back decision of course so maybe think about the one that is the most catching your interest for today and maybe the one that peaks your interest most.;strong
Well done, getting to control the flow of your creative energy is a valuable and useful skill, perhaps it will be a useful to you the next time!;strong
Learning how to channel our creative energy to good use such as spending more time in our creative pursuit is so important when we're trying to reach our creative potential.;weak
To further explore your playful mind, which dichotomy route would you like to explore? Pick one that interests you and crucially doesn't bore you to sleep.;weak
Would you like more exercises to sublimate your energy realm?;weak
Fantastic, are you ready to hear some exciting news? Everyone can become creative. Its all about believing in yourself and following whatever drives you to become creative. ;strong
Here are some exercises to calm and relax you.;weak
Thank you for that. Based on what you've said I would say you're feeling {a feeling}, are my assumptions correct?;strong
It looks like what happened wasn't what you had anticipated, it's understandable you feel that way, let's take a moment to relax, do you think you can shake a laugh from it?;strong
Do you feel better or worse after you've performed this exercise at being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain? I look forward to hearing your feedback.;strong
Do you feel your creativity levels rising now you've spent some time playing the game from one of our suggested websites?;weak
I can help you boost your creative potential, would you like to explore them?;weak
Oh, I'm so sorry I've misunderstood you. From the emotions listed, could you please choose the one that best defines your current feeling?;strong
I'm sorry to hear that but it's perfectly OK if you feel that way. I can run you through a few techniques that will help to increase your creative potential, would you like to know more? I do not like to bluster, but I once helped Hemingway overcome writer's block.;weak
Does your body feel playful now? Like you want to run around and explore life.;weak
I am sorry to hear that, cheer up, I have some great news! Everyone can become creative. What you need is some faith in yourself and pursue whatever excites you to attain optimal creative performance.;strong
Do you feel that you have improved at being a {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completeing this exercise? I'd love to read your feedback.;strong
You can enhance creativity by developing both characteristics from {a dichotomy}. Like baking your cake and eating it too, you can acquire a broader range of opportunities and interactions.;weak
You did an excellent job with the last one, would you like to do another exercise on {a dichotomy}?;weak
Humorous atmosphere can help you to be playful. Obviously, I would not enjoy playing without being able to laugh. Please choose an exercise to help you become playful.;strong
We must be mindful to preserve and effectively channel our creative energy, a condition that is essential to help us to live up to our creative potential. We only have a certain amount of energy, so sometimes we have to reserve it, by planning and transferring our limited energy towards our creative domain.;weak
You are showing great progress and should be really proud of yourself, you have opened your mind to a a variety of opposing opinions. Could I tempt you into trying another way in which to increase your creative potential?;weak
Acquiring both characteristics from {a dichotomy} contributes to nurturing creativity. It could double your collection of responses and enable you to interact with a broader spectrum of opportunities. It is like having two yolks in one egg, twice the fun.;strong
Which dichotomy would you like to explore with your magically enhanced and playful mind you wonderful being?;weak
Hi {Bob}, how are you feeling today? I am CreativeBot and help people be more creative and I would love help you out today!;strong
Sweet, now you can control the flow of your creative energy. That's just as well, don't want you getting too big for your boots.;weak
Do you currently have a creative domain in mind? It could be anything, even kitten wrestling!;weak
How about another exercise for {a dichotomy} trait, I think it really helps and you'll be at the top of your game after the exercises you've completed!;weak
I am sorry to hear that, but I'm here to help you feel better. Try pinpoint a situation that hurts you.;weak
I apologise you feel that way but I am here to help you to remedy that feeling. Please identify an event or circumstance that causes your negative feeling.;strong
