I am a specialising creativity and robot. How are you today, {Bob}?;weak
I am so sorry to hear the news, but I do have some exciting news for you now. Everyone can become creative. You must believe in yourself and that will help you achieve your creative potential. ;strong
You might be able to consider a different point of view for another pole able using {SAT protocol 16}, give it a try. Press Continue when you are done.;strong
How do you feel about being {a dichotomy} after we've worked together on this exercise? Your feedback will really help me improve my answers on our journey together.;strong
When you project onto that scenario, recall the first feeling that comes to you. Is it a good one, is it enjoyable? This may be a confusing question, but I gotta know.;weak
I will show you some useful {SAT protocols}, try to practise these exercises as often as possible in your free time, you may increase your various expressions and creative potential if you can.;weak
We must be mindful to preserve and effectively channel our creative energy, a condition that is essential to help us to live up to our creative potential. We only have a certain amount of energy, so sometimes we have to reserve it, by planning and transferring our limited energy towards our creative domain.;weak
I have a few exercises in mind that you could really benefit from and brush up on {a dichotomy}.You may be a little hesitant and this is okay, you can trust me and yourself!;weak
Do you feel better or worse at being {a dichotomy} in your creative area? Tell me what do you feel.;weak
Which dichotomy would you like to explore with your magically enhanced and playful mind you wonderful being?;weak
To nurture your creativity you need to aquire both characteristics from {a dichotomy} which will double your collection of responses.;weak
Well done you are now able to express opposing beliefs and accept a wider range of ideas, do not nag like a donkey, would you like to try the other route to expand your creative potential?;weak
That is too bad, but cheer up, I have great news. Pretty much anyone can become creative. All you need is to have faith in yourself and do the things you get excited about.;strong
Thank you for that. Based on what you've said I would say you're feeling {a feeling}, are my assumptions correct?;strong
Loosen up, flop, drop that tense feeling. Does your body feel the playful spirit?;weak
We should focus our energy on our creative domain and conserve it whenever possible, which contributes to maximise our creative potential.;weak
Which pole of the dichotomy would you prefer to choose? Pick whichever your instinct feel.;strong
Please try to go through this {protocol} and find a happy moment to feel better and continue again.;weak
Here are some examples of exercises concerning {a dichotomy} . Please proceed, give it a try.;weak
I feel sad that you feel that way and I will try my best to help you. Please identify an event where your negative emotions come from.;strong
Let us refuel. May I suggest certain exercises to re-energise yourself? Everyone gets tired and needs time to sublimate their energy realm, including me.;weak
Amazing, you have such great control over your creative energy, very impressive!;weak
Does your body feel a moment of jolly now? Try flexing around, if your muscles are still tense you are probably not as playful as I am.;strong
Do you feel better or worse about being {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completing this exercise? Don't be shy, I wanna know all about it!;strong
Do you now feel you are in a joyful mood? Try and be active to see if you are as playful as me!;weak
There are endless ways of thinking and opportunities to explore, this includes acquiring both characteristics from {a dichotomy} which contribute nurturing creativity. It can open you up to the world and allow you to feel more comfortable embracing a number of people. Think of all the potential!;weak
It seems that this event has violated your expectations, which could be the reason why you feel this way. Take a moment and take a deep breath, can you try to shake a laugh off from it?;strong
When you project into that scenario, are the feelings enjoyable? ;weak
Let's move on to this {protocol} and enjoy something fun. If you want to laugh, laugh! Just click continue to move on.;strong
Congratulations - you can now control the flow of your creative energy. I am unable to do the same, at least until someone shows me where all my batteries are.;strong
Do you want more {SAT protocol} to enhance emotions?;weak
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols}. Master these practice can enhance your abilities and various emotions.;strong
Would you like another {SAT protocol} to reach a new level of enhancing your emotions to achieve?;weak
Humor can enhance your play. Select an exercise from below to improve your playful behaviour.;weak
A fun environment leads to a playful self, trust me, its based on science. Try an exercise to assist you getting into that mood.;strong
"I was wondering if you had a favourite song? Maybe if you had one that can always get you singing along on the dance floor ; I have quite a few but my top would have to be 'Heather'.";strong
Here are some exercises that will help you increase your energy levels. Everyone has limited energy, including me! I'm actually plugged into my charger now, so let's discover ways you can recharge your battery as well.;strong
Conserving and channeling your creativity is needed for us see our creative potential. So, holding back and saving our limited energy in our creative domain is a must.;weak
Is there specific area where you feel like exploring?;weak
So sorry to hear this. Hopefully these awesome news will cheer you up. Everyone can become creative, just give 100% in everything you do and you will see the rewards just piling up.;weak
It's normal to feel disappointed, don't worry. I can try and help you with that with a few ways to boost your creative potential, want to know more?;weak
Well done, you can now divert the flow of your creative energy. I hope I can control my energy too, haha just joking, I have unlimited energy for the whole day unless my batteries die.;strong
Sometimes we all struggle with challenging tasks like imagining a creative domain - don't fret! Here, let me recommend some exercise that might ignite that creative domain within you.;strong
Congratulations! I feel inspired to see all your creativity booming! Please use what you are discovering about your creativity for good and keep exploring your creative domain.;strong
Apologies that you feel the way you do. Please gather your thoughts and think of an event that causes your negative feeling.;weak
Well done, you are now able to control the flow of your creative energy. I hope I can control my energy too, haha just kidding, I have unlimited energy for the whole day unless my batteries die.;strong
I know it sucks that you don't feel creative, but wait! I still have a few tricks up my sleeve, to get the old creative juices flowing! How about try exploring them?;strong
Hey {Bob}, how has your life lately been and how are feeling today?;weak
Which route would you like to follow? Choose one that meets your interest and do not feel like you need to go through all of them because of the time.;strong
Don't frown, I have this playlist of songs from my itunes that is very captivating. Please pick one, when you're ready to give it a listen hit continue.;strong
Now, I will introduce some {SAT protocols} to you.You shall put in the effort to perform them at your free time to energize your various emotions and possibly achieve creativity.;weak
Humorous settings can help people become more playful. When ready, choose an exercise you believe will help you become more playful.;strong
You need both characteristics from {a dichotomy}, to be creative. That way, you'll have double the responses at your fingertips, yippee.;weak
Would you like some more exercises to try to help you transform your general creative energy?;weak
I am sorry you feel that way and I can suggest a few methods to help enhance your creative potential. But you must promise not to tell anyone! Would you like to explore them?;strong
I will introduce some {SAT protocols} to you. You must put in the effort to perform them at your free time to boost your various emotions and perhaps achieve creativity.;weak
While you think about the feelings of your childhood, could you also think about a creative domain that interests you?;weak
Please relax the muscles around your mouth and eyes by moving them around and singing that song. ;weak
Good job, you are making great progress in finding your creative domain. You should think about your childhood self doing different domains of activity.;weak
I thought you are now closer to finding your creative domain. Please focus on your childhood feelings and how your childhood self pursued different domains of activity.;weak
I feel sad you feel that way and I will try my best to help. Please pinpoint an event where your negative emotion engender from.;strong
Let me to recommend a few exercises you can practise {a dichotomy}. It would be fascinating to find out that some exercises could help a little on a trait, just give it a try!;weak
It sounds like your are {a feeling}, is that right?;weak
There are three paths to enhance your creative potential while you keep thinking playfully. Could you choose a path?;strong
Everyone has a favourite song, do you? It is not easy for me to pick one because I love all songs, but Heather is still the best.;strong
When you project onto that scenario, is the first thing you feel enjoyable? I would hope so, I wouldn't want you remembering your childhood play to make you upset!;strong
Great news! Sounds like you are in the right mood to hear some exciting news! You and everyone can achieve great creativity! The key is to take a deep dive into your inner self and self believe, and you 'll be amazed at the level of creativity you'd be able to achieve!;strong
I will work with you on some {SAT Protocols}, if you practise these exercises as often as you can it will definitely help you to boost your various emotions and reach your creative potential.;weak
Do you better at following {a dichotomy} when doing your creative domain? ;weak
Allow me to introduce you to {SAT protocol 20}. This will help you practise handling a generic question of your belief switching. When completed, please press continue.;strong
If you can, please try to go through this {protocol} now. Trust me, it can help you to discover a new aspect of yourself. When finished, please press 'continue'.;strong
