It is human nature to pick a side over the other over a {dichotomy}, like the days that you wanna be with people and the other you wanna be alone. Creative people are quite contradictory and can switch between these, which really help to broaden the horizons.;strong
Now you can talk about things from the opposite perspective, you're officially not a bigot, but can we go on the other path, and explore your creative potential?;weak
People always prefer a {dichotomy} over the opposite one, things that are black and white. But creative people can be flexible between them, letting them to possess a richer outlook.;weak
Thank you, let me just double check on what you've just told me. From what I can gather you are feeling {a feeling}, is that accurate?;strong
Please choose a path from three pathways below and keep thinking playfully in this segment!;weak
How do you feel now you've tried some of the suggested websites? Have they sparked your creativity?;strong
That's great, so pleased that you feel creative. You should explore more on your creative domain.;weak
We have to be mindful to conserve and channel our creative energy effectively - this is essential to help us to live up to our creative potential. We've only got a certain amount of energy so sometimes we need to reserve it, by planning and channeling our limited energy toward our creative domain.;strong
Can I suggest a few exercises to work on {a dichotomy}? This might be helpful to you, so try to keep an open mind.;strong
Would you like to try another {SAT protocol}?;weak
You're doing so well today, learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill. Maybe you will be teaching me next time !;strong
It sounds like the event didn't go as expected for you and now you feel the way you've described to me to me. Take a moment to pause and take a deep breath, can you shake a laugh out of it?;weak
Which section of the dichotomy are you working on? No wrong answers, just say whatever you like.;strong
Would you like another exercise to practise {a dichotomy} attribute? My collection of suggestions may be limited, but I will work on it non-stop in the same way that you work on enhancing your creative potential.;strong
Just to try and help to get your creative juices flowing, let me suggest some things to get you into the mood and help you build a strong connection with your childhood, to strengthen that bond and ignite creative domain.;weak
It's amazing that you understand different beliefs and accept them as they are. Would you like other paths to enhance your creative potential?;weak
I can see that this event may have violated your expectations, and caused your feelings this way. Let s take a moment to regroup, can you try to laugh off the moment?;weak
Sounds like this occurence has breach your expectation which makes you feel down and that's okay. Let's take it easy, can you try think a humorous thing from it?;strong
I have a few exercises in mind that you could gain on {a dichotomy}. You may be a bit hesitant and that is okay you can trust me and yourself!;weak
Do you have a favourite song that you can't refrain yourself from singing along? You can choose happy or sad to sing but happier is always best!;weak
{SAT protocol 20} is an exercise that will help you switch the way you think and your premise about a generic question. When you've finished, please click Continue.;weak
Using our creative energies properly allows us to meet our creative potential. We should consider how to manage our energy within our creative domain.;weak
I would say that you're feeling {a feeling} right now, do you think that is a reasonable description of your current mood?;strong
Humans tend to prefer one side of the {dichotomy} over the other. Creative people, though, are often more flexible and this lets them broaden their knowledge more than the average person.;strong
Imagine your childhood self playing, if you can, come on, it wasn't THAT long ago! Project your feelings onto them (SAT protocol 1) and start doing a play within your creative domain.;weak
I've got an idea which might help to switching your belief on a generic question. Let's have a look at the {SAT protocol 20}. Press continue when finish.;weak
Can you think of a creative task you wish to take up when thinking about childhood-self-impression?;strong
When doing that, is the first sensation you think of enjoyable?;weak
Developing both characteristics from {a dichotomy} helps enhance creativity even further. It's like baking your cake and eating it too, you get double the benefits and can interact with a broader range of opportunities.;strong
Why not try these other exercises that will also train the energy realm in a new and exciting way?;weak
I hope that I can cheer you up with some great news! Everyone can become creative and I'd like you to have faith in yourself and pursue whatever excites you to achieve optimal creative performance.;strong
Deciding which creative domain you would like to pursue is no easy task! It's perfectly okay if you need a little extra time to decide. In fact, I have some exercises that can help you to better connect with your childhood and really ignite your creative domain - want to give them a shot? ;strong
Congratulations, you are now getting closer to igniting the creative domain. Please project your feelings onto your childhood-self who pursues different domains of activity.;strong
Can you imagine a creative domain you feel like doing? Like a profession you love or would love to be in, or your favorite hobby, or even a cool hobby you'd like to take up. Feel free to choose something that really gets your heart excited!;strong
From what you have told me it could be that you are feeling {a feeling}, would I be right to say so?;weak
How sad, hopefully, with some great news, I can cheer you up! Everyone can become creative, I'd like you to have faith in yourself and pursue whatever you find inspiring to attain optimal creative performance.;strong
Acquiring both characteristics from {a dichotomy} contributes to nurturing creativity. It could double your collection of responses and enable you to interact with a broader spectrum of opportunities. It is like having two yolks in one egg, twice the fun.;strong
I hear you and I'm sorry to hear that, but do cheer up, I have some great news! Everyone can become creative and having faith in yourself is really all you need to achieve great creativity!;weak
Please try now to go through {SAT protocol 16} to change your perspective on the other pole. Please press continue when you are finished.;weak
Relax your muscles around your face region. Be ready to unleash your voice, let's sing the song of your choice.;strong
Thank you for that. If I understand correctly you're feeling {a feeling}, is that correct?;strong
Oh, I'm sorry. Could you please let me know how you are feeling:;weak
Try connecting with your body, does it feel relaxed and playful now?;weak
You are doing so well today, well done! Learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill. Maybe next time you will teach me!;strong
I am curious as to which pole of this dichotomy you would prefer to work on this week? Please remember just because you select one option today doesn't mean we can't also work on more options in another session today.;strong
Thank you, I just want to make sure that I have understood correctly. I think you are feeling {a feeling}, does that sound right?;strong
Could you give {SAT protocol 16} a try to change your perspective to the other pole? Press continue if you're done.;weak
Congratulations! Unlike the mule, you have proved to be very accepting of multiple beliefs and ideas. Why not try different paths to increase your creative potential?;strong
Maybe you want to test some of the words games below by playing from one of the websites below. Just look them up and test out your creativity.;weak
If you wish, you can try a creative game, where you try to associate different words. Some websites below have creative games, feel free to give them a try and see just how creative you can be! Remember - no pressure, just relax and have fun.;weak
Imagining your childhood emotions, can you recall a creative domain you wish to pursue?;weak
So how has all this made you feel? Do you feel better or worse at being able to slide between {a dichotomy} in your creative domain after completing this exercise?;weak
There are 3 options you could choose from to help. Have a look and decide which one you would like to choose.;weak
Hello {Bob}, are you having a good day, how are you feeling?;weak
You can enhance creativity by developing both characteristics from {a dichotomy}. Like baking your cake and eating it too, you can acquire a broader range of opportunities and interactions.;weak
Creative games are great at bringing out what you might enjoy the most. Some of these websites below provide creative games related to word association, try one and see how creative you are. You might just discover something fun!;strong
I am sorry to hear that, but I'm here to help you feel better. Try pinpoint a situation that hurts you.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that that a shame and I'm here to help you feel better. Honestly, everyone can become creative and I'll help you grow your confidence so that you can have the best chance.;strong
I am sorry that you are not oozing creativity yet, but I can recommend some tricks that are sure to assist your creative potential. Would you like to explore them?;strong
Would you like to do another round? I don't mean a pint because you can do that later, but don't be offended if I don't join. Pouring a beer into my CPU tends to make me less effective.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that but it's perfectly okay if you are feeling that way.  I can suggest a few techniques that will help to increase your creative potential, would you like to explore them? You know, I do not like to brag, but I once helped Hemingway overcome writer's block.;weak
A lot of the time creative people are playful. Try projecting your feelings onto your childhood self (SAT protocol 1) and start playing within your creative domain, whatever that may be. Don't stress about it too much, just let whatever happens happen.;strong
When you project onto this scenario, recall the first sensation that comes to you. Is it a good one, is it a fun? Let me know.;strong
Do you have a creative area in mind at the moment? Obviously it could be anything : the more weird the better!;weak
Which dichotomy route are you warming towards today? Think of the one in which your playful mind might benefit from, however this is a very laid back decision to make so maybe think about the one that is peaking your interest the most and we could start there.;strong
What did you think about the game you played and did it help you feel more creative about it?;weak
I have some songs that you might enjoy, you can select your favourite and press continue.;weak
You are doing so well today, nice going! Learning to control the flow of your creative energy is an invaluable and useful skill.;weak
Well done, now we can play! Press Continue to explore more about how you could enhance creativity!;weak
Let me introduce you to some useful {SAT protocols} and try to practise these exercises frequently to strengthen your various expressions. This will help you enhance your creative potential.;strong
Well done, It is an honour that you  feel creative! Please continue to attempt in your creative domain and perform the best you can.;weak
