Do you feel like you are having a personal crisis, for example, a difficult time with family or friends or other loved ones?;weak
Would you say that you're often too hard on yourself?;weak
I know it can be hard to talk about these things, so thank you for opening up to me. Do you want to tell me a little more about when this incident happened, was it a recent incident or something in the past?;strong
Oh no, that must have been difficult. Was this recent or distant?;strong
Would you say that you have always been open to listening to other people's opinions?;weak
I appreciate that you felt comfortable enough to share that with me. Do you feel up to sharing some more so I can help?;strong
Thank you for sharing, I am sorry you are going through this. I would just like to ask some more questions in order to better understand what you are feeling right now.;strong
I hear how you are feeling. In order to support you, can you tell me if there is one specific event that has caused how you are feeling?;strong
"I would like to know if you feel understood or antagonised by others around you; this is important for me to be able to help you. Do you think others around you understand you or are they actually part of the problem?";strong
I sympathise with the feeling of sadness you are experiencing right now. I wonder, is there someone in your life who you feel is to blame for your sadness?;strong
Wonderful! How about I reccomend a protocol to you to make sure you treasure this positive feeling?;strong
Now, it's perfectly normal to feel either better or worse immediately after doing this. How would you say you feel after completing the protocol?;strong
Sometimes when we're angry, it's because we want to help people, but we feel we can't or they won't let us. Do you feel that there is someone in your life who you're trying to save or rescue?;strong
May I ask if you have already gone through Protocol 11 and found that it brought back difficult emotions?;weak
Would you say that the reason you're feeling these emotions is completely because of someone else?;weak
I am sorry that you are hurting, please bear with me while I try to investigate this further. I'd like to ask you some more questions, so that I can understand the situation a bit better.;strong
If I may ask, do you feel that you want to control someone in your life right now?;strong
Would you say that your life too chaotic right now, and that is becoming overwhelming?;weak
I'm so sorry. Please tell me how you're actually feeling.;weak
Thanks for sharing that with me, let's dive into it a little more. I would now like to ask you some more questions, so that I can help.;strong
Events from our past may trigger elevated emotions. Did you experience intense negative emotions when doing Protocol 11?;weak
I'm sorry to hear you aren't feeling well. Did anything specific happen to cause you to feel this way?;strong
I see, thank you. Do you ever see yourself as the victim for the negative feelings you have?;weak
Do you feel that you could be trying to affect or change somebody else's behaviour?;weak
Do you always unfairly hold yourself accountable for what happens to you?;weak
Okay, thank you for that. Did you attempt Protocol 11 recently, and did it cause hard emotions to be relived?;weak
That's alright. Would you like to try another protocol maybe?;weak
If I may ask, do you ever find yourself blaming other people for the way you feel?;strong
Can you identify how you are feeling now, after doing the protocol?;weak
Did the event that is making you feel this way happen recently or a long time ago?;weak
I really appreciate your answers to my questions so far. I am going to go through some queries I have, so that I'm fully aware of your situation.;weak
Thinking about it, have you truly considered other viewpoints and perspectives presented to you by other people in the past?;weak
Would you say this is the result from an event from the recent or distant past?;weak
That's great to hear. Would you be interested in looking at a protocol you can try?;strong
I really appreciate your effort, thank you for taking part. Let's talk again soon.;strong
I see, thank you for clarifying that. I would like to know, was this event quite recent, or more distant in the past?;strong
Fantastic, I am so glad to hear it. I have a protocol that might enhance this positive feeling, would you like to try it?;strong
Thanks, I hope you feel better now but it's ok if you think you feel worse. How do you feel after taking this protocol? ;strong
You may be experiencing a lot of strong feelings right now. Have you been feeling any of the following emotions, either on the inside or expressed them towards another person:;strong
Do you feel that someone is partly to blame for your negative feelings?;weak
Thinking about it, would you say that you tend to always blame yourself when problems occur?;weak
Do you feel like you are in trouble, and no one can help you?;weak
Thank you for your time today. I hope you will come back to chat some more.;weak
Thank you for your patience today. See you soon!;weak
Would you say, perhaps, that you always blame yourself when something goes wrong?;weak
I can see you're feeling anxious. Has something happened that has you feeling this way?;weak
I'm sorry you are feeling sad and in order to help you I would like to dig a bit deeper. If you don't mind me asking, are you going through a rough personal crisis?;strong
Deep down, would you say that you feel good when you can control or manipulate someone else into doing what you want?;strong
I understand this may be difficult for you to talk about. May I just ask, is it something that happened recently or a while back?;strong
Thank you, you have been really brave in sharing so far. I want to see if I can support you by understanding how you are feeling and the causes of those feelings by asking you a few more questions, is that OK with you?;strong
I'd like to recommend the following protocols if that's ok with you. You can choose the one you prefer to view its content.;strong
There's a variety of protocols we can try, I want to find the one that works best for you. Please go ahead and take a look, you can select whichever protocol you feel most comfortable with.;strong
Is this something that has happened more recently or in the past?;weak
Thank you for your openness. Judging by your response, I think that you're feeling {}, would I be correct in saying that?;strong
If I'm understanding correctly, you would identify as being {}, is that a fair assessment?;weak
Do you feel that you're being expected to save others?;weak
You may have talked about and been presented with various viewpoints to consider. Have you really thought about other perspectives and viewpoints, when these were presented to you?;weak
Thinking about more or less recent situations, have you ever put yourself in someone else's shoes during a conversation?;weak
Is it a controlling feeling that you're experiencing perhaps, like wanting to control a situation or person?;strong
Protocol 11 can bring up emotions you may not have felt in a long time, so I wonder if it would be the right choice for you. Is it possible that you have recently attempted Protocol 11 and this has reignited negative emotions?;strong
I want to sincerely thank you for taking part in this. I hope to see you soon!;strong
Thank you ever so much. I hope to see you soon.;weak
I'm very sorry that you are going through this. Have you recently attempted Protocol 11 and found this reignited unmanageable emotions as a result of recent events?;strong
How do you feel now? I hope that it will have been of benefit to you.;strong
I'm sorry to hear about that. Did this happen recently or a while ago?;weak
Thank you for your answers so far. May I ask if you feel that you are undergoing a personal crisis right now, or if you are experiencing unmanageable interpersonal difficulties with those around you?;strong
Is this something that happened recently, or something from the past that's still on your mind?;weak
May I ask if you feel able to consider other people's points of view?;weak
Do you feel like you're currently experiencing intense personal difficulties, possibly with your loved ones or friends?;strong
Some people have found that Protocol 11 doesn't necessarily help them, so I am trying to evaluate whether it could be right for your current situation. Have you tried Protocol 11, and did it cause you to feel any negative emotions?;strong
Is it possible that you're just trying to control all of the thoughts and actions of another person?;weak
Thank you for being open and sharing with me. You seem like you're {} today, would you say that too?;strong
Would you say that you're prone to trying to help others, possibly even at the expense of your own happiness?;strong
May I ask if you feel able to consider other people's points of view?;weak
Then I wonder if you feel that you're at fault. When something does not work out, do you tend to harshly blame and accuse yourself?;strong
Thank you for answering that. Have you been able to consider alternate views and opinions presented to you in previous conversations?;weak
I would like to better understand why you are experiencing this negative feeling right now. Do you believe saving someone's life or alleviating their problems would make you feel better about yourself?;strong
Do you ever feel like you need to control the actions of others as a way to cope?;strong
Your participation has been invaluable and really appreciated, thank you for your time. I hope to see you soon.;strong
If you have to be honest with yourself, do you feel that you can, or want to, control someone?;weak
I'm sorry that hasn't helped. Shall we try another?;weak
Please try to look deeply into your relationships with others before answering the next question. Do you feel like you're trying to control someone who is close to you?;weak
Ok, thank you, let's see if we can get to the bottom of this. I'm going to ask you a few more questions if you do not mind.;weak
How do you feel after doing this protocol? I hope it has helped.;strong
Have you tried going through Protocol 11 recently and, as a result, had uncontrolled emotions that were rekindled by things that happened in the past?;weak
That's fine. Now that you have worked through the protocol, could you say whether you feel better or worse than you did before starting?;weak
It's okay to feel anxious and completely understandable. I just need to know if you have recently attempted to remember this past event and found it distressing?;strong
I am so sorry that it has not worked out for you, however there are other choices that I could recommend. Would you like to try another? ;strong
Could it be that you're trying to control someone, perhaps?;weak
Oh, that's not good. Do you think we could try again, perhaps with a completely different protocol?;strong
I'm very sorry for that. Would you be able to highlight the emotion that you are actually feeling right now from the ones below?;strong
Sorry to hear it, well done for getting through it. If you would like to try another protocol to see if this suits you better, there are other options for you.;strong
Did you notice if there were unbearable emotions that came up from attempting Protocol 11 (if you have attempted it), due to past events?;weak
It's normal to blame ourselves when something happens that hurts us, but if we always do this, it can build up into very angry feelings. Do you think that you tend to always blame yourself for every mistake?;strong
If I may ask this, do you always see yourself at fault for anything that happens?;weak
Was there something in particular that happened to cause you to feel this way?;weak
I have here a few protocols that I would like you to look at, I think that they may be able to help you. Could you read through them and tell me which one you think would be most beneficial for you and that you would like to try.;strong
"Thank you for that; I think that Protocol 11 could help you deal with this event, however some people have reported that this protocol can be rather intense. Have you already tried Protocol 11, and if so did it stir up difficult or traumatic emotions?";strong
Would you say you feel better or worse after taking it?;weak
Thank you for sharing all that with me. If you don't mind I'm now going to ask you a few questions so I can further understand your situation.;strong
If you don't mind me asking, I'd like to know if you blame others for these negative feelings that you are experiencing.;weak
I am sorry to hear you're not feeling great today. Is it something specific that has caused you to feel this way?;strong
"I would like to know if you feel understood or antagonised by others around you; this is important for me to be able to help you. Do you think others around you are part of the problem, are they responsible for your sadness?";strong
Thank you for sharing your feelings with me, I appreciate your trust. If you do not mind I will now ask you a few questions to better understand the situation.;strong
Sometimes people can be adversely affected when trying Protocol 6. Have you tried using Protocol 6 recently and found the experience distressing?;weak
Can you give me a bit of help to make sure I do understand? Here's a list - please let me know which one describes what you're feeling:;weak
I understand you are angry and you are hurting. Do you think those around you are causing the negative feelings you are experiencing?;strong
Wonderful! How about I reccomend a protocol to you to make sure you treasure this positive feeling?;strong
Go ahead with the protocol in your own time. When you're finished just remember to click 'continue'.;weak
If I may ask, do you think it is someone else's fault for you feeling this anger?;strong
I'm terribly sorry you are dealing with difficult emotions. Do you feel, perhaps, that you should be saving someone else in your life?;strong
In light of what you've told me, here are some protocols that we can try. Please select any that you feel like going through now.;weak
Okay, and what about your feelings toward those around you. Would you say that you are someone who is in trouble in this situation, and it's someone else's fault completely?;weak
I'm sorry this exercise has made you feel worse, sometimes a different approach works better for different people. Is there another protocol you would be willing to try?;strong
May I ask if you have felt or expressed any of these emotions towards someone:;weak
Are you experiencing intense negative feelings as a result of fighting with the people in your life?;weak
If I may ask, do you have any trouble in your personal matters at the moment?;weak
Could your current mood depend on the fact that you were unable to help a loved one, and you feel guilty because of this?;weak
I completely understand how you are feeling and it must be so hard. If I may ask, do you feel you have expressed any of these emotions to someone:;strong
Do you feel like you are being judgmental towards yourself and always blame yourself in the face of adversity?;strong
Do you feel that your recent sad emotions may be attributed to attempting Protocol 6?;weak
Lately has your anxiety led to you have any of the following unwelcome emotions toward anyone else:;weak
Thank you for trusting in me and sharing how you feel. If I understand correctly, you are feeling {} right now, would you say that's true?;strong
Have you recently tried Protocol 11 and perhaps found that this did not help in the way you had hoped?;strong
I understand, and I am sorry to hear that. May I ask if this feels like something that happened recently, or is it a memory of something more distant in the past?;strong
Thank you for answering that. During a conversation, do you usually consider other people's point of view?;weak
Deep down, do you have the feeling that you are attempting to control another person?;weak
In all honesty, do you think that you are always available to consider alternatives to your point of view?;weak
Sometimes others cause us to suffer, but other times it may be that we are avoiding taking responsibility for our actions and choices. Do you feel you have been suffering because of other people?;strong
How do you feel about the protocol? Did it help you feel better or did it have the opposite effect?;strong
Thank you for sharing with me today. Come back to me anytime you want to talk.;weak
I understand that you may be feeling anxious, I would like to help you if you could could give me some more details. Do think this could be linked with any particular event?;strong
Have you thought about the various viewpoints and perspectives that could change your view of your current situation?;weak
Did it happen recently, or is this a past event that's still affecting you?;weak
I'm sorry that happened to you, it's hard to go through something distressing. Did this occur recently or a while back?;strong
Thank you for letting me know that. Do you feel like others caused you to feel this way?;strong
Thank you for sharing this with me, I understand it can be difficult. I would like to ask you if you have recently attempted Protocol 11 and, if so, if you have felt more distressed as a result of it.;strong
Do you tend to take things personally when facing a challenging or confrontational situation, always placing all the blame on yourself?;weak
If I may ask, do you blame others for how you're feeling today?;weak
Thank you, let's reflect on this feeling of yours a bit longer. Would you say you are a victim and are you blaming someone for how negative you feel?;strong
Thank you for sharing. Can you please tell me if this event that happened and caused your anxiety was in the recent or distant past? The more I understand, the more I can support you.;strong
I would really like to take the time to thank you for being such an amazing participant. It would be lovey to see you agiain soon.;strong
Thank you, I understand. Do you believe it is someone else's fault that you are feeling so low? ;weak
Sorry to hear you're feeling that way, it's ok though to feel like that, you're not alone. Is there anything specific causing you to feel that way today?;strong
I can see that you're feeling anxious, and I'd like to help. Is there something specific that caused this feeling?;strong
Taking all you have said into consideration, I believe that you are feeling {}, is this the case? Please feel free to correct me if not.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. Is there one particular thing that caused this feeling?;strong
I'm very sorry to hear that. Would you like to give another protocol a try?;weak
I hope it was a positive experience for you. May I ask if you are now feeling better or worse than before you started the protocol?;strong
Thank you for sharing. I believe that you are {}, am I correct in saying that?;strong
I understand, thank you for sharing. Would you say that it was a recent or a distant event, so that I can get a better picture?;strong
Thank you. As a result of your current emotion, are you feeling the need to control others?;strong
Everyone deals with so many emotions throughout the day, and not all of them are positive. I want to ask you if you have recently felt any of these emotions in particular:;strong
Could it be that you are trying to take charge of someone else right now?;weak
I have a few ideas on some protocols that I think would really benefit you. Which one would you like to try?;strong
Have you felt that you have been victimized by someone else perhaps?;weak
Thank you, I understand. If I may ask this, do you feel that everyone is out to get you right now?;strong
When something goes wrong, do you always tend to blame yourself regardless of whether you really made a mistake?;weak
Do you mind telling me when this happened, was it recent or distant?;weak
Could it be, perhaps, that you are avoiding responsibility for your actions and just blaming someone else for your feelings right now?;strong
I understand. I believe you are feeling {}, would you say that is correct?;weak
Based on what you've told me, I've selected some protocols that may be helpful to you. Would you like to try a protocol now? If so, please select it.;strong
When things go wrong for you, do you always put the blame on yourself, or do you always accuse yourself of a mistake?;weak
I really appreciate you speaking with me, it takes courage to talk about one's feelings. Please come back whenever you feel like talking more.;strong
Do you reckon that thinking back to the event now could damage you?;weak
Thank you. I get the impression you are feeling {}, am I right?;weak
Brilliant, that's always nice to hear. Would you like me to give you a protocol to feel even more content?;weak
I understand, thank you. Did this event happen recently or a while ago?;weak
How are you feeling now you have completed the protocol, if I may ask? I hope you feel better, but it's ok if you feel worse, just tell me and I'll try to help.;strong
I have here a few protocols that I would like you to look at, I think that they may be able to help you. Please select the protocol that you would like to try:;strong
Is it possible that your sadness could be caused by not being able to save someone in your life who you feel needs saving?;strong
Do you feel these feelings of anxiety could be caused by any other emotions towards someone, for example:;weak
Could it be, perhaps, that you are displaying some kind of controlling behaviour?;weak
Thank you, I see. Is it possible that you are having a hard time trying to control someone else?;weak
I am grateful for your participation. I hope to work with you again soon.;strong
I understand that you are going through a difficult moment and I believe that diving into the nature of these emotions will help me understand the best approach to take in order to help get rid of your distress. Have you ever felt or expressed any of the following emotions towards a person or people:;strong
This is fantastic to hear. Would you like to try a protocol?;strong
I am sorry this has not made you feel better, somtimes it may be necessary to try different protocols before feeling better. Would you like to attempt another one which hopefully will be much more helpful to you?;strong
Thank you so much for letting me know. Would you say that it was a recent or distant event (or events) that caused this emotion?;strong
It's good that you have recognised how you are currently feeling, let's see if we can identify other negative emotions that have been bothering you. Have you felt or expressed any of the following towards anyone recently:;strong
I'm sorry you're going through this right now. Did any particular event cause this? I hope there is something I can do to help.;strong
Good! I've got some protocol suggestions that will hopefully maintain your good mood.;weak
Please help me understand further. Is this a recent event that has occurred or is it something from the distant past?;strong
Would you be able to highlight the emotion that you are actually feeling right now from the ones below?;weak
Thanks for trying the protocol. If you think about how you felt before taking it and how you feel now, would you say you feel better or worse?;strong
"In order to try to make you feel better, I need to understand if anything happened to cause this; was it a specific event?";weak
I'm so sorry to hear that. Can you identify a specific event that caused you to feel that way?;strong
I am sorry you are experiencing this negativity right now. If I may ask, and please be honest, would you say that you have always given full consideration to other people's viewpoints when these were presented to you?;strong
I wonder, did trying Protocol 6 recently trigger any bad feeling? If this happened, I hope you didn't suffer too much from that exercise.;strong
That's great, I'm glad you are willing to give this a try, hopefully you will find it very helpful. Please go through the protocol when you're ready and if you can press 'continue' once done, that would be great.;strong
Were you recently attempting to move forward with Protocol 11 and did the trauma you revisited become too difficult to deal with?;weak
Thank you, I understand. Would you say that this negative emotion was triggered by a recent attempt at Protocol 6?;strong
It is great to see you so positive today. May I recommend a protocol that is suitable for your current mood?;strong
Thank you for sharing. I believe that you are {}, am I correct in saying that?;weak
Did you happen to try Protocol 11 and do you think that may be why you are having these negative feelings?;strong
I believe you are feeling {}, would you say that is correct?;weak
Have you tried Protocol 6 recently and did it bring back some of the tough emotions from the past?;weak
I would really like to help you feel better, and may need to know a little more about this event. For example, was it very recent or did it happen in the more distant past?;strong
Is there anything particularly difficult you are going through at the moment in your personal life?;weak
Oh no, sorry to hear it. Is it something that has happened that triggered these feelings?;strong
I'm going to ask you a few more questions if you do not mind.;weak
Thank you so much for your honesty and efforts today, much appreciated. See you again soon!;strong
Sometimes we can become overwhelmed with negative emotions. Have you had any experience of these emotions toward someone:;strong
That's not good, but we can still fix it. As you have suggested you are not feeling any better after that protocol, would you like to try a different one and see how that goes?;strong
How do you feel after taking this protocol? ;weak
Thank you, I would like to know how you are feeling now. Do you think the protocol had any positive or negative effects?;strong
If you think about it, would you like the power to control someone in your life right now?;weak
Thanks, I appreciate your cooperation. See you again soon!;strong
In all honesty, do you think that controlling someone is okay, or would you ever do it?;weak
It's completely normal to feel how you are feeling, I understand and I'd like to help. Do you think this was caused by anything specific?;strong
You're doing really well, I want to help you feel better and try and understand your situation. Is it okay to ask some more questions?;strong
It's OK to feel this way. Was this event recent or did it happen a while ago?;strong
It's normal to blame ourselves for our problems on occasion, but we should be careful not to make this into a destructive habit. Please tell me, are you always putting the blame on yourself when things go wrong? ;strong
I'm sorry to hear you are feeling anxious. Did something happen to trigger these anxious feelings?;strong
I am sorry to hear this session wasn't helpful. As you know, there are more protocols on the list, do you think you might like to try another and see how that goes?;strong
Do you find that you always seem to blame yourself for the things that go wrong, even when you have no control over them?;weak
Thank you for being brave and sharing your feelings today, I appreciate that. I look forward to our next session.;strong
Do you think you might be getting too involved, trying to control someone you shouldn't?;strong
Do you think there is another way that you can view this situation, and could other people's advice help you find it?;strong
Being loyal and helpful are always beautiful virtues to have, however, they can become unhealthy if we start to forget about our own wellbeing. Do you think it is more important to you to focus on helping others than growing and focusing on yourself?;strong
I understand that feelings of anxiety can be terrible. Is there something in particular that is making you feel this way?;strong
I would now like to delve more into understanding your dilemma by asking you some additional questions.;weak
Does the event that caused your sadness feel recent or distant?;weak
Oh, my bad. So how would you say you are feeling today?;weak
Do you think something recent caused this feeling, or was it something more distant?;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything in particular that made you feel like this?;strong
Sorry to hear you are feeling anxious today, this must be difficult for you. Is there any particular reason why you are feeling like this today, did something happen?;strong
Are you trying to help too much, perhaps, and feel that the person you're trying to help just won't listen to you?;weak
Is this something you've been worried about for a while, or is it something new thats on your mind?;weak
Do you reckon you may be acting in a controlling way?;weak
I am wondering, have you tried to listen carefully and consider other viewpoints put forward by those that you love?;weak
Do you feel responsible for someone else, to the point that you may be trying to change or correct their behaviour?;weak
Did this happen a long time ago, or fairly recently?;weak
Sometimes we can reflect feelings of envy, greed, jealousy, hatred or malevolence upon others, and past mistrust can lead to thoughts of revengefulness, but be reassured that all of these emotions are perfectly normal to feel. Do you think you could perhaps be feeling any of these emotions:;strong
Could it be that you are subconsciously trying to steer or guide another person's behaviour?;weak
As your friend, you can always tell me anything and I will try to assist you to the best of my abilities. Can you tell me if something happened that made you feel like this? ;strong
It's ok to feel the way that you are feeling. Do you believe you are a victim for you feeling so down?;strong
Other than what you've mentioned are any of these feelings also involved in what you've been experiencing recently:;weak
Could your sadness be causing you to become manipulative toward someone? Could it be that you are trying to make someone do or say something in order to feel better?;strong
Thank you for being so open, I'm trying to determine the best way to help and know how hard it is to revisit trauma. I would like to know if Protocol 6 proved too painful for you?;strong
I think if we can get to the root of these feelings, we could get you feeling much better. Do you think you would like to try any of the following protocols? Have a look through and let me know if there is something you would like to try.;strong
Could you tell me if this event or events happened recently or in the past?;weak
Thank you for staying with me on this. In the past, have you ever felt or acted on any of the following emotions towards someone:;weak
Do you think your feeling originates because you blame others for how negative you feel?;weak
Do you feel you are always taking the blame for when a situation goes wrong?;weak
Please help me understand as I want to support you any way I can. Do you feel you are generally good at considering the viewpoints of others?;strong
Thank you very much for your time and efforts. Have a good day!;weak
Would you say that you always blame and accuse yourself whenever something goes wrong?;weak
That can sometimes happen, but there are more protocols here which might work better for you. Would you like to try another and see if it helps?;weak
Did you attempt Protocol 11 and, if so, did looking back at traumatic events reopen recent wounds that caused an outburst of emotions?;weak
Thank you, I want to understand what is happening so I am better equipped to help. Would you say that rescuing others make you happy?;strong
I see, thank you. Do you feel that someone else is to blame for your sadness?;weak
I know you said you've been feeling anxious today, so I'd just like to know if you have been feeling other negative emotions. Are any of these emotions things you have felt in the past, or the present:;strong
How are you feeling after taking this protocol? Do u think it has benefited you or not?;weak
Are you working through something painful, such as a falling out with someone who is or was dear to you?;weak
I see, I am sorry to hear that. Do you feel like a different protocol might help?;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. Has something happened to make you feel like that?;weak
So, based on what we have discussed, I have the following recommendations for you to choose from. Please tell me which protocol you'd like to try.;weak
Sometimes when we're angry, it's because we want to help people, but we feel we can't or they won't let us. Do you feel that there is someone in your life who you're trying to save or rescue?;strong
Would you say that someone else caused you to feel this way?;weak
Have you strongly felt or expressed any of the following emotions towards someone else that you are aware of:;weak
Is there any chance you might be forcing someone else, perhaps someone you care about, into behaving in a way that you want?;strong
Could you tell me if you are feeling better or worse after taking this protocol?;weak
Do you feel like you are going through a personal crisis due to issues in the relationship with someone close to you?;weak
I would like you to pause for a second and consider whether you always blame yourself when something goes wrong?;weak
Would you like to try another protocol and see if it also makes you feel better?;weak
I could suggest another protocol that could help, if you like.;weak
Ah, I see. Is this something that's happened recently or a while ago?;weak
Did you try using Protocol 11, and if so, did this spark difficult emotions because of past events?;weak
Oh, that's not good. Is this to do with any particular event that has occurred?;strong
Was this because of something that happened recently, or are you remembering something from the more distant past?;weak
Would you say that you have ever been able to really step outside of yourself and think of a situation from a different point of view?;weak
Do you feel that your actions are attempting to fix things, help or make things right for someone?;weak
Are you going through a rough patch, or a personal crisis? if so, you can tell me.;weak
Do you always feel that you are responsible for things that are actually outside of your control?;weak
Thank you for your answer. I would now like to ask you if you feel that you are the victim, and someone else is to blame for making you feel this way.;weak
Thank you very much for sharing this with me, I know that it is not an easy thing to do. If you feel up to it, I would like to ask you some more questions so that I can get a better understanding of your situation.;strong
Would you like to tell me what event triggered these feelings, was it a recent one or a distant one in the past?;weak
I'm very grateful for your time spent on this. I hope to see you again.;strong
Thank you for taking part, I really appreciate it and your efforts are very valuable. Have a good day!;strong
Feeling anxious can be mixed up with other emotions too, and I'd like to see if you recognise any of the ones in this list, or if they seem familiar to you. Have you experienced any of the following emotions strongly before:;strong
The following protocols I feel would be of benefit to you. You can select the one you think suits you best at this moment.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you don't mind elaborating a bit further. Did this happen recently, or was it further away in the past?;strong
I'm sorry you're not feeling great. Has anything happened to make you feel this way?;strong
Taking all you have said into consideration, I believe that you are feeling {}, is this the case? Please feel free to correct me if not.;strong
I'm sorry to hear that. There are other protocols we could try, if you would like to attempt another?;strong
I'm sorry to hear that you are feeling sad. Do you know what led to such a sad feeling, was it a specific event?;strong
Have you tried Protocol 11 lately and discovered this reignited unmanageable feelings because of recent memories?;weak
Do you feel the burden of responsibility for the outcome of someone else's fate?;weak
If I may ask, do you always feel that you messed up somehow?;weak
Here are my thoughts on which protocols would be best suited for you. Which of the following would you like to explore?;strong
Do you think there may be other viewpoints that could be taken into account in your current situation?;weak
Can you let me know if you have recently attempted Protocol 11 and found this reignited unmanageable emotions as a result of recent events?;weak
I'm sorry to hear about that. Did this happen recently or a while ago?;weak
I hope you can cope. Do you mind if I ask you whether a particular event or issue has caused your anxiety?;strong
It is always hard to stay objective when emotions are involved, but I would like you to try if you can. Are you feeling like you are always focusing more on what others are doing in life than what you are doing with life?;strong
Not every protocol works for everyone, and that's okay, I would recommend  not giving up and trying again. Would you like to attempt another one together?;strong
Do you feel, perhaps, that the world is against you right now?;weak
Would you like to try again with a different one?;weak
Does your current worry revolve around someone you are trying to help?;weak
Thank you for taking the time to complete the protocol. How did it make you feel - better or worse?;strong
Thank you for trusting me within this session. Please come back whenever you feel like talking more.;strong
Please take some time to go through the protocol now. When you are ready, please come back so we can continue.;strong
Ok I see, please tell me more about it. When did this happen, recently or a while ago?;strong
Did something in particular happen that made you feel sad?;weak
I understand. Can you tell me the timing of this event so I can further understand what is making you anxious, was it recent or distant?;strong
Looking at your personal life, do you feel that you are going through a personal crisis (having difficulties with loved ones, for example, fighting with friends)?;weak
Do you feel that someone else is trying to hurt you?;weak
I am sorry I misunderstood that. Could I ask that you choose from the list below the emotion that more accurately captures how you are feeling?;strong
May I ask if you always believe you are the main cause of your problems?;weak
First of all, let me tell you that I totally understand where you're coming from and what it's like to have these feelings. I wonder, in your heart of hearts, do you think it's reasonable or healthy to always put others first?;strong
If I may ask, are you struggling with personal issues right now?;weak
I want to thank you for sharing your thoughts and feelings with me today. I really would like to see you again soon, so please drop by when you can.;strong
Do you feel that your current emotion may have been caused by a specific event or events?;weak
Sorry to hear you are feeling worse. Would you like to continue and do another protocol?;strong
I see. And would you mind telling me whether this happened recently or in the past?;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. Could it be because of a certain event?;weak
In previous conversations you have had, do you feel you have always been able to consider different viewpoints?;weak
OK, don't worry, I have a few more that might work better for you. Would you like to try a different one?;weak
I wonder if your sadness could be rooted in a wider issue. Are you experiencing any major problems in your life, have you fallen out with a loved one for example?;strong
Thank you kindly for your time and cooperation during this session. I look forward to another session soon.;strong
Have you got the feeling that someone else is responsible of how you feel now?;weak
Thank you for your responses so far. I'm going to ask you a few more questions if you do not mind.;weak
Please tell me, do you feel that it is someone else's fault that you are feeling this way?;weak
Thinking back to previous situations and conversations with others, have you ever stepped outside your thought process and pondered viewpoints that may challenge yours?;strong
I'm very sorry that you are going through this. Have you recently attempted Protocol 6 and found this reignited unmanageable emotions as a result of old events?;strong
Other people you have communicated with may have offered a few suggestions. Were any of the suggestions made by others regarding your current situation helpful to you?;strong
Thank you for letting me know, I am terribly sorry you are feeling that way. Did something specific bring on this feeling?;strong
Do you think there may be other viewpoints that could be taken into account in your current situation?;weak
May I ask if you feel like a victim right now, and blame your feelings on others?;weak
Thanks for doing that. Has it made a difference? Do you feel better now, or worse?;weak
If I may ask, are you struggling with personal issues right now?;weak
Do you feel that you have been harmed and that it is the fault of someone else?;weak
Thank you again, that is helpful for me to understand. Could it be that you are trying to control or manipulate someone else into doing something that you want them to do?;strong
Would you be willing to try another protocol that might work better?;weak
Could it be that, sometimes, you attribute to others the responsibility for mistakes you make, or tend to shrug off guilt?;strong
I see, thank you. Do you consider yourself to be someone else's victim?;weak
I'm sorry that this protocol wasn't able to help you. Would you like to attempt another?;weak
Do you feel you might always unintentionally be hurting yourself when you think things are not going your way?;weak
If you feel comfortable sharing, could you tell me if that feeling comes from something specific that happened?;strong
I'm sorry about that. Was this caused by a specific event/s?;weak
"Great, let's go ahead then. Once you've tried your best and finished, come back and press ""continue"".";strong
Thank you for sharing your emotions with me, I understand it may be hard to deal with them right now. So that I can help you better, could you tell me if a specific event caused you to feel this way?;strong
Thank you for trusting in me and sharing how you feel. If I understand correctly, you are feeling {} right now, would you say that's true?;strong
Have you tried thinking back over that event by attempting Protocol 11, and if so how was that, did it bring back difficult emotions?;weak
Is there anything going on in your personal life that could be upsetting, have you fallen out with anyone close to you?;weak
Now that you have worked through the protocol, could you say whether you feel better or worse than you did before starting?;weak
"I'd like to ask you about negative emotions that you may have felt; it is completely normal to feel them sometimes, but it's important that we learn to recognise them before they take over our lives. Do you recall having or expressing any of these strong negative feelings towards someone:";strong
I'm sorry to hear that. Should we perhaps try another?;strong
May I ask if something specific caused this feeling?;weak
How do you think you are feeling now, having completed the protocol?;weak
Would you feel really uncomfortable reliving this past negative event?;weak
Could it be that in order to fix your situation and feel better, you are trying to control others in your life?;strong
I'm sorry, sometimes it's hard to know how someone is feeling behind a keyboard. Instead, do you mind choosing an emotion from this list which is more suitable for your current state?;strong
Thanks so much for talking with me, I really hope it's done some good. I look forward to another session soon.;strong
OK, thank you. Can you let me know is this something that has happened recently, or was it a while ago?;weak
I am really sorry to hear that. I could suggest another protocol that could help, if you like.;strong
Thank you so much for your honesty and efforts today, much appreciated. I hope to see you again soon.;strong
Do you often feel that it is your job to save others, or that other people expect you to be that way?;weak
May I ask you are having troubles at home, at work or with friends?;weak
Could you tell me if you have ever felt or shown strongly these emotions towards anyone else:;weak
Thank you for letting me know. Was this caused by a recent or distant event (or events)?;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. May I also ask if it was caused by a recent or distant event (or events)?;strong
Thank you for your time. I'm sure we'll cross paths again!;weak
Do you think that this situation, and the people in it, are something that you're trying to dominate?;weak
Do you feel that someone else is to blame for your sadness?;weak
Thanks for your selection! I would appreciate it if you could try to go through this protocol now. Once you are done, you can come back and press the 'continue' button.;strong
I know this may be hard for you to discuss but your information has been very useful, thank you. Is it OK if I continue to ask you some more questions so I can get a clearer understanding of your situation?;strong
Have you, by any chance, felt any of these strong feelings towards anyone recently:;weak
Did you notice if there were unbearable emotions that came up from attempting Protocol 6 (if you have attempted it), due to past events?;strong
Was the thing that happened quite recent or did it occur a long time ago?;weak
Thank you. I know it isn't always easy, but anything you can tell me will help me to better understand your situation. Do you mind if I ask you a few more questions?;strong
Do you feel, or would like to be, in control of others?;weak
Thank you. There's no right or wrong answer here, it's good to just explore things. Do you think that you are always responsible when things don't work out the way you want them to?;strong
I see, perhaps your sadness could be caused by not being able to obtain what you need or expect from others. Could it be that you are attempting to control someone but can't, and this is causing you frustration?;strong
Is there anything going on in your personal life that is causing you to feel this way?;weak
"Sometimes we feel strong emotions that are not becoming of us; it's ok to feel them, but it's worth reflecting upon them. Do you think you may have expressed any of the following negative emotions towards someone recently:";strong
When something happens that makes you angry, do you ever try to step into the other person's shoes?;weak
Thank you for you cooperation and taking part in this session. Looking forward to seeing you soon.;weak
Thank you for sharing this. Could you tell me if you see yourself as the victim, blaming someone else for how negative you feel?;strong
I have a few recommendations that we could try, but I think it is best that we try the one that you think is the most suitable. Which protocol would you like to try?;strong
Thank you, it may help me to know when this occurred . Would you be able to tell me, was this a recent or distant event?;strong
Could you share with me whether you have strongly felt any of the following emotions:;weak
In other conversations you've had with people, have you fully considered the points they've tried to make?;weak
Thank you for sharing this. Without going into too much detail, was this event recent or has been this way for a while?;strong
Considering your situation, I would like to recommend these protocols for you. Please let me know which protocol you would prefer to start with.;weak
Thank you for sharing these details, I know this must be difficult for you. Now I'd like to ask some questions to better understand your situation.;strong
I've had a think at what might suit you best. If you take a look at the options and let me know which protocol you would like to attempt, that would be great.;weak
That's okay, thank you for letting me know. Do you feel you do not share any responsibility for this, and others are to blame for having hurt you?;strong
Did you try to complete Protocol 6 and it resulted in reawakening some bad feelings due to things that happened in the past?;weak
Perhaps your stress stems from something difficult you are personally going through. Are you experiencing any difficulties with loved ones, or friends?;strong
Thank you for sharing, I know it can be difficult sometimes. Can we talk a little bit more about your current personal circumstances?;strong
Have you been facing personal problems with certain people, for example colleagues, friends or family members?;weak
I would like to better understand why you are experiencing this negative feeling right now. Do you feel that you need to save someone else?;weak
Shall we try a different protocol and see how you feel after that?;weak
Please try finishing the protocol in your own time. When you're done with it, please come back and hit 'continue', so we can assess how that went.;strong
Thank you for that, perhaps Protocol 11 could help you deal with this event, however before I can recommend it i'd like to make sure that you haven't had a bad experience with it in the past. Have you already attempted Protocol 11 and if so, did it stir up difficult or traumatic emotions?;strong
Do you feel that if others changed the way they behave, it would make your life easier?;weak
Thank you, the state of your wellbeing is very important to me. I will now ask questions about yourself in hopes to alleviate this distress.;strong
If I may, do you think that perhaps you are trying to be someone else's saviour?;weak
Now you have tried this protocol and reached the end, do you feel better or worse about your situation?;weak
Do you feel that it is your responsibility to be someone's saviour?;weak
I really would like to see you again soon, so please drop by when you can.;weak
Thank you for your trust, please help me understand better. Would you say that, in previous conversations, you have always been willing to listen to other people's views and opinions?;strong
Do you ever worry that you might be taking your negative feelings out on someone else?;weak
Do you ever worry that you might be taking your negative feelings out on someone else?;weak
May I ask if it was something recent or in the past that made this feeling come up?;weak
Do you think you are always taking the blame for things that aren't your fault?;weak
I've got some recommendations. If you can, please could you tell me which protocol you feel will work best for you today?;strong
Now that the protocol is finished, do you feel any differently to how you felt beforehand?;weak
Have you had any recent major issues with friends or family that may have caused these negative feelings?;strong
Please find my recommendations below. Of the protocols below, is there one you would like to try now? If so please select it.;strong
I understand, thank you. Are you unhappy because someone else has made you feel bad, like you've been hurt by them and you're the victim?;weak
Forgive me please. Without leading you, please choose how you feel from the list I'm giving you.;strong
May I suggest a protocol to help enhance and maintain good feelings, it may really help?;weak
Could you please express how you feel now that you've gone through this protocol?;weak
I have some recommendations I think could help you out if you wish. Of the protocols below, is there one you would like to try now?;strong
I am going to give you a list of emotions. I would like you to consider them and then tell me if you have strongly felt any of them or expressed any of them towards someone in particular:;strong
I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon, take care.;weak
I would like to know a bit about how you view your role within your social circle. Do you often feel that it is your job to save others, or that other people expect you to be that way?;strong
Is there anything difficult or traumatic that you are going through right now in your personal life?;weak
Thank you for sharing your thoughts with me. I have the feeling that you are {}, is that the case?;strong
Things must be very difficult for you right now, so I wonder if anything major is happening. Is there anything going on in your life that feels bigger than normal?;strong
Excellent, when you are ready you can go through this protocol. When you have finished, press 'continue'.;weak
I understand, thank you. Do you feel like you are the victim of other people's behaviour?;weak
Thanks, you were brilliant today. I hope I will see you soon, bye!;weak
Was the event that caused your sadness a recent event or something that happened a while ago?;weak
Do you think that sometimes you might feel the need to come to someone's rescue?;weak
Do you feel like others are responsible for your negative feelings?;weak
Could you please express how you feel now that you've gone through this protocol?;weak
Do you feel that you would like to look at another protocol?;weak
I am really sorry to hear that. Maybe we should sit down together and try another protocol that might be more beneficial to you?;strong
Have you recently tried Protocol 6, and if you have, did it bring up difficult emotions from past events?;weak
Okay, saying that out loud is a good first step. Can you think whether the event that is causing you to feel this way happened recently or in the past?;weak
I understand that you are not feeling well today, and would like to investigate further what is bothering you. Are you feeling this way because you are trying to help someone that you care for?;strong
I see. Could you tell me if the cause of this anxiety is something that happened some time ago or if it happened in recently?;weak
What has made you feel like this, if you don't mind telling me, was it a specific event?;weak
I understand you're feeling down, and I am sorry to hear it. I would like to better understand what happened by asking some follow-up questions.;strong
Can you tell me if this upseting event was from some time ago or it happened recently?;weak
I'm sorry to hear it. When did this happen, recently or a while back?;weak
If I may ask, do you consider yourself the kind of person who always wants to be in charge?;weak
Would you say that you have always considered carefully other people's viewpoints and arguments that may have been presented to you in previous discussions?;weak
I am sorry to hear that you feel worse. Do you feel like attempting another protocol, perhaps?;strong
Thanks for trying the protocol. If you think about how you felt before taking it and how you feel now, would you say you feel better or worse?;strong
Thank you, I greatly appreciate that you took part in this activity. I look forward to seeing you in the near future.;strong
Is this situation making you feel any particularly negative emotions, such as the ones listed below:;weak
Ok, I hear how you are feeling. Could I make a different recommendation for you to try?;weak
Could you tell me if this was something that happened recently or a while ago?;weak
I understand you are feeling anxious. In addition to this feeling, have you recently also felt any of the  following emotions towards someone:;strong
Is the reason for this feeling something that happened in your younger days or more recently?;weak
I hope you are okay with talking about it. Is this something that caused your anxiety recent or was it something distant in the past?;strong
Do you feel a weight on your shoulders to save others?;weak
Are you taking ownership for the things that happen, or do you feel like others are to blame for the negative feelings you have?;weak
The cause of this anxiety, is it perhaps something that has happened in the past few days or does it feel more distant?;weak
Please read through the protocol information, when you feel you understand and are ready to begin, try and work your way through it. Once you have finished please press 'continue'.;strong
Would it be accurate to say that you are currently experiencing difficult circumstances in your personal life, for instance in relationships with either loved ones or friends?;strong
I can see you may be feeling {}, is this accurate?;strong
I am sorry this happened to you and wish to help. Could you please tell me if this event was recent or distant?;strong
In all honesty, do you think that you are always available to consider alternatives to your point of view?;weak
Please tell me, was this caused by a specific event/s?;weak
The following question may feel a little direct, but please try to answer as honestly as you can. Would you say that you feel the need to control someone or something right now?;strong
Do you always take responsibility, even when it may not be your fault?;weak
I would like to know a bit about how you view your role within your social circle. May I ask if you believe that it is your own responsibility to rescue another person from their problems?;strong
Thinking about it, have you truly considered other viewpoints and perspectives presented to you by other people in the past?;weak
Please tell me, are you always putting the blame on yourself when things go wrong?;weak
That is fantastic! I could suggest a protocol to enhance your current mood, if you like.;strong
I would like to know, if possible, if you feel that you have always given full and careful consideration to different points of view that were presented to you in the past.;strong
I understand it can be difficult. May I ask if you have tried Protocol 11 to better understand the emotions you felt, but it was just too painful to get through?;strong
Do you feel like someone is or was trying to hurt you?;weak
Feeling strong emotions towards others is quite normal, I'm not here to judge you for it. Have you felt or expressed any of the following emotions towards others:;strong
Would you say that you are having problems relating to difficulties with your friends or family?;weak
Has this protocol changed how you feel, either for better or worse?;weak
I am so sorry, I didn't mean to misjudge. Please select an emotion from the list below that best describes the way you are feeling:;strong
Do you find you spend a lot of energy trying to change the actions and behaviour of those around you?;weak
Sometimes it can help to address anxiety which is linked with a traumatic event from the past through Protocol 6. Have you already tried Protocol 6, and if so have you actually found that the emotions it brought back were too intense?;strong
Now, it's perfectly normal to feel either better or worse immediately after doing this. How would you say you feel after completing the protocol?;strong
Thank you. Would you say that you are facing a hard time in your personal life?;weak
May I ask if you feel like a victim right now, and someone else is responsible for your sadness?;weak
That is perfectly normal, although of course I wish it had been a more positive experience for you. How about we try one more?;strong
Have you recently revisited this event through Protocol 6 and found that it brought back anxious feelings and emotions?;weak
I have some recommendations that I think might be helpful. Please go ahead and take a look, you can select whichever protocol you feel most comfortable with.;strong
I'm really pleased we managed to have this time together, I hope it helped you. You can come back whenever you feel like talking some more.;strong
Would you say that you generally listen to others' input?;weak
Is there anything in particular that you can recall that may be contributing to you feeling that way?;weak
Here are my thoughts on which protocols would be best suited for you. Please select the protocol that you would like to try:;weak
Sorry to hear about your troubles, I am always here to help. Are you experiencing difficulties with any of your loved ones right now?;strong
Has this protocol changed how you feel, either for better or worse?;weak
I understand it can be tough, so thank you for answering everything so patiently. Have you experienced intense emotional stress lately, or have you felt misunderstood by your friends or loved ones?;strong
Thank you for sharing that. I've got some questions now to help understand your situation.;weak
Are you always taking responsibility for anything negative that happens in your life, even when you're not responsible?;weak
If you don't mind sharing, do you feel this way because of a particular incident?;strong
It's normal to blame ourselves for our problems on occasion, but we should be careful not to make this into a destructive habit. Do you notice that you're always blaming yourself for anything that goes wrong?;strong
I would like to know if you think this negative feeling has created a larger problem for you. Has this feeling led to tensions between you and your loved ones, or has it triggered a personal crisis?;strong
I am sorry you are experiencing this negativity right now. If I may ask, and please be honest, would you say that you have always given full consideration to other people's viewpoints when these were presented to you?;strong
Nice to hear you're in a good mood. I actually have a beneficial protocol you could try.;weak
I'm sorry to hear that. May I also ask if it was caused by a recent or distant event (or events)?;strong
I think you picked a good one, please give it your best shot. Just hit 'continue' when you finish and we can pick up from where we left off.;weak
You've shared with me that you have been feeling anxious, and I would now like to ask about your emotional state more in general. How about the following emotions, have you ever strongly felt any of these or expressed them towards someone else:;strong
Thank you, I hope that was helpful to you. Could you tell me if you are feeling better or worse after taking this protocol?;strong
Based on what you've told me, I've selected some protocols that may be helpful to you. You can select the protocol you prefer and it will be displayed to you so that you can attempt it.;strong
Would you say you feel like the blame always belongs with you when something goes wrong?;weak
Emotions are often difficult to identify, I think you are doing a great job. Its important we understand where our emotions come form, so I'd like to ask you if you have felt any of these recently:;strong
May I ask if you have been under a lot of pressure or stress lately?;weak
I see, thank you. After listening to your concerns, I think that your are feeling {}, is this true?;strong
"In your own time, have a look at this protocol and try to complete it. You can press ""continue"" when you are finished.";strong
Thank you so much for your input. It sounds to me that you are feeling {} right now, does that sound accurate?;strong
Great! Now could you please try to go through this protocol and press 'continue' when you're finished.;strong
I hear that you are feeling anxious. Is there anything that has happened that might be causing you to feel this way?;weak
Oh, I am very sorry to hear it, sometimes going through a protocol can bring back uncomfortable memories and I understand it can be tough. Would you like to try again with a different protocol?;strong
I understand. Was this to do with something that happened recently or a more distant event?;weak
Have you recently revisited the trauma of this event through Protocol 6, and is this why you are now feeling anxious?;weak
That can be rough. Do you think it might be linked to something that's happened?;strong
Looking back, have you always tried to put yourself in other people's shoes?;weak
Is it possible that you might be forcefully influencing someone else's decisions and behaviour?;weak
Thank you very much for your answer. I would now like to ask you if you see yourself as the victim of the situation, and someone else is to blame for your painful feelings?;strong
Are you experiencing a tough time right now, have you fallen out with friends or loved ones?;weak
Could it be, perhaps, that you trying to rescue someone?;weak
It's a shame that one didn't work for you, but we will find a protocol that does work. Would you like to attempt another one which hopefully will be much more helpful to you?;strong
Is there anything major happening right now in your life that may make you feel like this?;weak
Sorry to hear that. Was it a recent or a more distant event that caused this?;strong
I am sorry to hear you feel that way. Would you like to try another protocol?;strong
How are you feeling now? After taking this protocol, do you think you're feeling better or worse than before?;weak
I think it might help if we talk about what caused you to feel like this. Was it a specific event that distressed you?;strong
That's completely normal to feel this way, you are not on your own with this. Would you like to try a different protocol to see if it makes you feel any better?;strong
I have some suggestions of some protocols that you can try. Please choose one to view now:;weak
It is important to understand how long you have been dealing with this issue. May I ask if this was a recent or distant event?;strong
It seems that you're feeling {} today, is that an accurate enough description of what you're feeling?;weak
I am grateful for your participation today. I look forward to more fruitful engagements with you in the future.;weak
What emotion would you say you are feeling at the moment?;weak
Do you feel as though your emotions are the cause of actions from others?;weak
From what you've told me, it sounds like you're feeling {}, is this right?;weak
Are you blaming someone, perhaps, for feeling annoyed?;weak
If I may ask you this, do you feel it's your job to save others?;weak
Thanks for answering that. Do you feel you are always blaming and accusing yourself when things haven't gone your way?;strong
Were you able to attempt Protocol 6, and if so, did you feel like the protocol brought up the same difficult emotions that you experienced in the past?;weak
That's tough. Was that recent or did it happen a while ago? Either way your feelings are completely valid.;strong
I understand, thank you. Could it be perhaps that you see yourself as the victim in this circumstance?;weak
There are moments in life where we may experience emotions that we are not proud of, but that is ok, as long as we are ready to learn from them. Would you say that you have felt any of the following emotions recently:;strong
How are you feeling now you have completed the protocol, if I may ask? I hope you feel better, but it's ok if you feel worse, just tell me and I'll try to help.;strong
Have you had a personal issue with friends or loved ones lately, a falling out, perhaps, or have you had family issues?;weak
In your own words, please could you specify the emotion that you are feeling?;strong
Ok, thank you, let's see if we can get to the bottom of this. How about we go through a few questions and look into some approaches that might help you feel better.;weak
Have you found yourself wanting to have more control over other people lately, or wishing you could change their behaviour?;weak
I would appreciate if you could attempt the selected protocol now. Once you feel ready, come back and press 'continue'.;weak
Thank you for sharing with me, you're doing well. Do you mind if I ask you some more questions so that I can understand your situation better?;strong
Did you attempt Protocol 6 and, if so, did you have negative thoughts about the past which caused your mind to wander in that direction?;weak
What event in your life do think has sparked this feeling, was it a recent one or more distant in the past?;weak
Did you give thought to how others may see the situation?;weak
Do you feel that someone is not accepting your authority, but they should?;weak
I believe these protocols may be of benefit to you. Have a look through them and tell me which one you would like to try out.;weak
Would you say that someone else is causing your negative emotions?;weak
Thank you. I'd like to ask you some more questions which might help me understand.;weak
May I ask if you believe that it is your own responsibility to rescue another person from their problems?;weak
May I ask if you always blame yourself for everything that goes wrong in your life?;weak
I'm sorry you are feeling worse. Maybe we should sit down together and try another protocol that might be more beneficial to you?;strong
Could it be that you are trying to save someone else here?;weak
I would like to know if there is anything happening right now in that feels bigger than normal. Do you feel like you are facing a personal crisis?;strong
Could you please tell me more about what happened. Was this event distant or recent?;strong
Thank you for your cooperation so far. May I ask if you feel obliged to rescue other people in your life from their own problems?;strong
I really would like to understand more about what goes on in your life at the moment. Is it that you always feel you have to be minding or rescuing someone else?;strong
Do you feel like you want or need to control the behaviour of someone else in your life?;weak
It's a great feeling. May I suggest a protocol to help enhance and maintain good feelings, it may really help?;weak
Thank you for letting me know. Do you believe you have explored all of your options, including those that may have been suggested to you by other people?;strong
Thank you so much for your input. It sounds to me that you are feeling {} right now, does that sound accurate?;strong
I understand, thank you. Would you say this event happened quite recently, or are you remembering something from the more distant past?;strong
Would you say you feel better or worse after taking the protocol?;weak
Thank you, you've been great and it's been a pleasure to work through this together. I hope you will be back soon.;strong
Being totally honest with yourself, would you say that you always feel the need to be in control?;weak
I wonder, do you think trying Protocol 6 to revisit the event, if you have done so, may have contributed to this feeling?;strong
How about responsibility for what is happening in your life. Do you feel you are always the one to blame for things that go wrong?;weak
Did this happen recently, or is it something that's been preying on your mind for a while?;weak
Thank you for sharing. I'd like to ask you some questions so I can understand a bit more.;weak
Do you think going through another protocol could help?;weak
Did this event happen recently or is it something that has been on your mind for some time?;weak
Would you say this is the result from an event from the recent or distant past?;weak
Brilliant! Can we have a look at some protocol that may be good to try right now?;weak
Do you like to imagine yourself taking power and controlling others, sometimes?;weak
So sorry. Kindly select how you're feeling from the emotions below:;strong
Do you feel that the situation that is causing you to experience these feelings is recent or distant?;weak
Do you feel or believe that other people may have harmed you?;weak
Thank you so much for opening up to me and telling me how you feel. I'm glad we could have this chat and I am here if you need me.;strong
Thank you for your answer, I am always here to understand and help you, never to judge. Is it possible that you are trying to take charge of someone else's life?;strong
Thank you. I'd like to know if you may be undergoing a particularly difficult moment, due to problems with friends or family.;strong
Please try this out. Let me know if it works for you and when finished, hit continue.;weak
With that feeling, are you having any thoughts that you should be saving another person?;weak
Is it possible that you are working through something particularly difficult right now, that is having a catastrophic effect on your life?;strong
Sorry for the misunderstanding. Could you please select from the emotions below the one that best reflects what you are feeling, so I can understand it better?;strong
Do you, even if unfairly, tend to always blame yourself for everything bad that happens in your life?;weak
Do you feel that someone has done something to harm you in any way?;weak
Has this difficult situation caused you to have any of these emotions and/or act on them:;weak
That is great to hear! Would you like to try a protocol to match your mood? I hope it could inspire you and brighten your day even more.;strong
Thank you. Would you say that perhaps you are trying to control someone else, make them do what you want them to do or say what you want to hear?;strong
I can recommend some protocols that might help. Feel free to choose from these protocols the one you prefer.;weak
Thank you so much for taking part in this session, I really appreciate your time and the thoughtful input you provided, and hope the session was of some use to you. I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon, take care.;strong
Thank you for telling me that. Would you mind if I asked you some questions about these feelings?;strong
Do you always feel like you're the one at fault, even when perhaps you shouldn't?;strong
Have a read through the protocol, please take your time and go at your own pace, there's no rush. When you have completed it, press 'continue'.;strong
I do understand. Did a specific event occur to make this happen?;strong
I'm sorry that made you feel worse. Do you feel ready to try a different protocol, which might work better for you?;strong
I would like to ask how you feel about the protocol, and whether it has helped you. Do you feel better, or has it actually made you feel worse?;strong
Thank you, I'd like to know more about how you are feeling in general. Are you by any chance experiencing personal difficulties at present?;strong
That's ok, thank you for letting me know. Do you feel, perhaps, that someone or something else is causing your negative feelings?;strong
Thank you very much. I've got some questions now to help understand your situation.;weak
From what you've told me, it sounds like you're feeling {}, is this right?;weak
It's normal to blame ourselves for our problems on occasion, but we should be careful not to make this into a destructive habit. Do you think it's always your fault when something goes wrong in your life?;strong
Thank you for your response, that's helpful. Trying to look at yourself from the outside, do you feel that you are controlling or trying to control someone else's behaviour?;strong
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you don't mind sharing with me when it happened? Was it recent or distant?;strong
Has the protocol helped you to feel better, or do you feel worse?;weak
Would it be fair to say that other people are often responsible for your negative feelings and thoughts, that you are somewhat helpless to this?;strong
I'm going to ask you now about some other negative emotions. Can you tell me if you've recently felt any of these emotions towards someone:;weak
Would you say that the way you're feeling can be attributed to someone else?;weak
How do you feel now? I hope that it will have been of benefit to you.;strong
Thank you for entrusting me by sharing how you feel. From what you have told me I would say that you are feeling {} right now, does that sound about right?;strong
Are you worried that you might take out these feelings of anger on someone, trying to control them perhaps?;strong
It's great to herar that you feel this way. I have a protocol that might enhance this positive feeling, would you like to try it?;strong
There are a number of protocols we can try. Which of the following would you like to explore?;strong
Without being intrusive, may I ask if there is someone in your life who you feel is not behaving in a way that you wish they would?;strong
The exercises in Protocol 11 can be difficult for some, so I would like to know if they would be the right choice for you. Did you attempt the exercises in Protocol 11 and find them difficult or traumatic?;strong
I'm very sorry to hear that. Would you be up to attempting another protocol?;strong
Thanks, I understand. Do you feel you are always blaming yourself for the problems you face?;weak
Oh, I see. Did this happen recently or before?;weak
Thanks, it's been great having this conversation with you. I hope we meet again soon.;strong
It's normal to blame ourselves for our problems on occasion, but we should be careful not to make this into a destructive habit. Do you notice that you're always blaming yourself for anything that goes wrong?;strong
Thank you, I am sorry you're struggling right now and want to help. Let's move on to the next questions and try to resolve this situation.;strong
Please try to focus on yourself and the task while you go through this protocol. At the end, press the 'continue' button.;strong
I am sorry to hear this. Is there a specific event that may have caused you to feel this way?;strong
I'm very sorry to hear that you are sad. Did anything happen to cause your sadness?;strong
Have you taken a step back and considered all angles, looked at your situation from others' point of view?;weak
Thank you for taking the time to complete the protocol. How did it make you feel - better or worse?;strong
Thank you for that, perhaps Protocol 6 could help you deal with this event, however before I can recommend it i'd like to make sure that you haven't had a bad experience with it in the past. Have you recently tried Protocol 6, and if you have, did it bring up difficult emotions from past events?;strong
In a moment I'm going to list some emotions. Have you felt any of these emotions strongly about someone or even acted on them:;weak
Are you having strained relations with the people in your life and that is causing you great distress?;weak
Do you think you may be displaying controlling behaviour toward someone else?;weak
Was that event recent, or was it more distant in your past?;weak
Im sorry that this happened to you. Did this happen recently or a while ago?;strong
Do you feel better, or has it actually made you feel worse?;weak
Do you feel you are being negatively affected by someone else?;weak
Could you tell me if you started feeling this way after attempting Protocol 11 to revisit a traumatic event from the past?;weak
Okay, and then what about how you want to behave. Are there any urges right now to try and control someone in your life?;weak
Oh, I am so sorry to hear this. Did a specific situation cause this?;strong
Thank you for confirming that you have taken this protocol, I hope it was a positive experience for you. May I ask if you are now feeling better or worse than before you started the protocol?;strong
Would you say that you tend to blame others for anything that goes wrong?;weak
When attempting to revisit your trauma, as is requested in Protocol 6, did you find you were emotionally uncomfortable and have difficulty proceeding?;strong
Knowing that your feelings are important to me, I need to ask you about your previous interactions with the protocols. Have you attempted Protocol 11 anytime recently, and if so did it spark difficult emotions for you remembering these events?;strong
Ok, I see. Have you felt pressured by someone else in your life, or victimised in any way?;weak
Thinking of recent and not-so-recent events, do you get the impression that you would like to save someone else?;weak
Did you by any chance try Protocol 6 and if so did this trigger any negative emotions from the past?;weak
I can see you may be feeling {}, is this accurate?;weak
I apologise sincerely. Could you please help me by selecting the option from the list that best matches how you're feeling?;strong
Okay thank you, I'm glad you're comfortable talking about this. Was this event that caused your anxiety recent or a while ago?;strong
Thank you, let's reflect on this feeling of yours a bit longer. Do you find it easier or natural to place the blame for your problems and feelings on others? ;strong
You may have had other conversations in the past where you talked about other views and perspectives. Have you ever taken any advice or new perspective that was offered to you into practice in your own life?;strong
Thank you, I appreciate you sharing with me, I know this can be difficult. I'd like to ask a few more questions to get to know your situation better.;strong
